the story...we go for the effects, for big explosion, for robots
fighting robots...this movie has plenty of colorful effects, it's
3d films that had good amount of effects and I saw clearly with the 3d
about beyond that.It was epic, fun, visually appealing, and it tied things together well.
humor I love CGI special effects and all action scenes. I love the
able to figure it out. The visual arts of the transformers and the
also been a nice set of Blockbuster-movies with great special effects,
special-effects action, brain-dead dialogue, and Bay's signature style
was outstanding.The CGI and Visual effects were fantastic tons of action, explosions
want amazing sound effects, insane CGI detail with explosions and
should be watched in IMAX only. What a visual extravaganza this movie
act's probably the best since Dark of the Moon, and the visuals are as
enjoy the action, characters, and special effects that match the toy
animations and its relative VFX.Filmmaking should be more accessible for anyone in the society. It is a
effects and Michael bay, this is the most dazzling action and high tech
presentation you could ever see. 5 star for visual effects, 4 for
presentation you could ever see. 5 star for visual effects, 4 for
effects and nearly non-stop action. You don't really have a chance to
the case with this release.I loved all of this movie. Great action and special effects. I liked
3D... I believe the sound, graphics, etc will not be at their full
editing, and pacing. BUT Michael does know how to shoot a "scene" but
they are strung together incoherently.So What I Liked were the music and the effects. That's pretty much it.
those tones. Also, the special effects were well done compared to AGE
climax with the parts of the planet hanging down and "scraping" earth.Now What I Didn't Like (Got Time? then read on) #1 the editing. This is
the noticeable aspect ratio. So nobody in the editing room noticed that
had some problems with some action parts because of poor editing but do
judgmental. This is a really good movie. The CGI effects and cinematography is top
mid-evil honor brilliantly works. The car/special effects mixed with
us this time. The effects were great and better than the fourth
effects. This is better then the first four Transformers movies. And
chaos editing (where fights go from points A to D to Q), toxic
movies filled with nice CG effects, although there are some fans not
follow, however I had no difficulty at all. Enjoyable movie. Great effects as always.
