elegance and power.  The special effects, notably Gollum again, are
hope that high-quality films can still be made without special effects
beautiful visuals of the trilogy, Jackson makes `Return of the King' a
the effects tell the story, but only assist the wonderful dialogue and
film makes much use of computer-generated effects, but unlike many 
films dominated by special effects, plot and character are not 
powerful visual experience. Not even just a visual experience. Peter
special effects for making this character tell so much with an expression
editors.The special effects do not stand out - and that's a compliment.  Even in
computer effects, even though the majority of the film was!  This is how
effect, I cannot fault it's use of effects or the sheer visual feast that
effect, I cannot fault it's use of effects or the sheer visual feast that
films.The special effects, first of all, are excellent. While there's a few
This is a loud 75%. All the sound effects are very well pulled off, sound
incredible scope of the battle, with the special effects, sounds, and
close-ups of pieces of the action, make for an exciting scene. The visual
effects especially are stunning; the 'oliphaunts' play a big part in the
three and a half hours of special effects creatures fighting other
effects creatures. I had taken refreshments but barely touched them -
some of the best I ever heard, and most of all the visuals. They are
of art was filmed-is just wonderful.The special effects are also some of the best i've ever seen. The
The breathtaking visuals, the outstanding character development, the
epic musical score, gorgeous set designs, the plethora of visually
effects. They come closer and closer to looking real but they will
the mind is better than trying to paint the impossible on screen.A lot of people will laud the movie because the effects were so good;
seeing is really there. The effects are impeccable, in general, and the
has astonishing editing and cinematography, and has a marvelous look.
costumes, sets, scenery, models, CGI effects and Howard Shore's epic
number of Orcs for honor and glory?Even though the special effects are far from the best ever, Peter
book.Also the movie is far from flawless. Once again the editing is just
movie divided into three movies.2- Brilliant direction, Acting, Music, makeup, editing, cinematography,
adapted screenplay, jaw-dropping visuals (I am yet to see a battle as
movie, there are also some funny moments.4- It's visually spectacular - remember Minas Tirith, Fell beasts, Epic
What a story, what a graphics!! i just can't describe. Soundtrack was
the premiere visual effects house in the business (WETA Digital). They
the premiere visual effects house in the business (WETA Digital). They
intimate in heart, its effects are frequently overpowering.
direction, visual effects etc. but will instead, convey what I consider to
direction, visual effects etc. but will instead, convey what I consider to
reliance on computer visualisation it was well-balanced by emotional
effects. This is an art that the producers and directors of this film had
and placed it in a visual medium, a place where fans of LOTR could
incongruities, lapsed character development, and visual splendor
battle all the more superior.Return of the King features the most magnificent visuals in the entire
Havens brought me to tears.The special effects are nothing short of amazing. The blend of
effects team has created the most memorable spider in film history. She
heightening the tension. From the acting to the sound editing, this
make-up are well tailored, the effects are superb and don't distract
again.And the battles?  Well, they're epic, and the special effects are nice.  But
special effects mastery never before seen on the big screen.  Kudos also
novel in bringing the story to the masses.But not all is good with ROTK.  The special effects in the final film are
Some effects actually look terrible.  The scene where Legolas (Orlando
effects
fictitiousness. Through the jaw-dropping visualization of massive battles,
fortresses, monsters, and more, the cinematography and effects uphold and
difference between beautiful reality and equally natural effects. Outside
I think this movie is the best!!!! It had the best special effects I've
costume is nice, the settings are stupendous and the Visual effects is
