entertaining action comedy to tide us over until the major Thanksgiving
inspired performances from his gifted cast. Indeed, you've seen
down the army of gunmen that outnumbers them. "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" wallows in everything action movie fans
that makes an action movie unforgettable!
the kind.Surprisingly great action scenes, the chemistry between the two
Perfect dosage of humor and action. Not the typical comedy that goes to
far and that feels like the jokes are forced. The action scenes were
Seems to me action flicks from the US follow a simple formula these
days.Take a buddy/buddy action duo, add in some swearing, crude jokes, lots
bodyguard.Actors Reynolds and Jackson are an irreverent fun action duo. Their
some fun action, canal chases, and general mayhem. This has its moments
with Reynolds and Jackson?!), and just like any modern action/comedy 
say, it's one of the best action/comedy movies I've watched in quite a
an action/comedy film, after all. But predictability aside, the story
action sequences are. The team behind this film definitely drew some
enjoyable films of the year. It's funny, it's action packed, and the
We are both fan's of action and comedy and went into this hoping it
this movie did not disappoint! I would've given this movie a 10 if only voting on the action and
due to what the movie is being advertised as, which is an action comedy
I remember laughing harder is last year during "Deadpool". If you like lots of action and great comedy with actors with plenty of
expectations given the cast of Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson. The
movie exceeded these expectations! Over the top comedy and action --
action/comedy. There are some references to some old movies so you have
was not my first choice. I am a big fan of action and looking at the
was interesting, entertaining, funny, memorable and full of action.
lot of sense.It has interesting action scenes. I personally am not really into that
acting and filming is top notch, for me this has to be one of the
It had been a while since I was totally enjoying a funny comedy action
movie. This was by far the most exciting old fashion action movie I
especially when we saw the interaction between Ryan Reynolds (Bryce)
here) and some of the action sequences. The main attraction in this
would really laugh out loud. And the action sequences were sooo many in
longing for a good fun comedy action movie, then you have got to see
Bodyguard, the chemistry is undeniable. Salma Hayek was a great casting
perfect blend of explosive action and out of nowhere erupting comedy.
film's funniest moments from their banter in-between action to full on
shouting during the action. This proves that opposites can really
effectively in this film even during the non-action scenes of the film.
about his backstory as well. But the camera worked during the action
is a wild and funny ride for lovers of both comedy and action films.
awards, what are you doing in this action comedy/buddy kind of movie?
For the kind of flick it is, it is great! It tons of action, of course.
The Hit-man's Bodyguard is racy and entertaining, if generic, action
forward. It is racy in treatment- hurtling from one action sequence to
filter.7/10 for The Hit-man's Bodyguard- it is a solid, predictable action
acting and lots of laughs but with a slightly serious note to it as
along at a quick pace with action filling most scenes.. You won't fall
contained some surprises and it was always fun. It is an action comedy, a light hearted movie experience, so if you
than I had expected it to be. The action is great and performed well by
movie they had a good chemistry between them .The movie had its good and boring moments but the action was so good.overall this was a great movie .
action. The excellent action sequences, along with the comedy and the
everything that an action movie should have, including a good
two of them in an action comedy, but now I just want to see more.Reynolds and Jackson are two completely different characters. Reynolds
disappointing.The action is pretty cool, there were action scenes that were fun to
comedy and action, then this movie is for you. You should at least give
action movie. I may have rated it a point higher due to my surprise at
If you enjoy impressive action sequences and limited comedy, then this
a bit tedious at times. Just watch it for the action.
of the best moments of the year - action wise. Ryan Reynolds was very
good and perfectly cast. He had the right comedic timing and charisma
does in action films more comedies, he really added a lot of
the action choreography excellent. It had some really graphic scenes
of acting chops in him. Look at movies like Deep Blue Sea (yes I know,
been brought in. The action was the second best part of this movie.
Reynolds has become one of the best action stars in recent years. You
can thank David S. Goyer for casting him in Blade Trinity. He is one of
few people that makes the action scenes look quite believable. Sure,
has perfectly blended the action & comedic elements of the film. The
action set pieces are superb. The climax could have been ten minutes
Hayek is outstanding as Sonia Kincaid. The supporting cast is
impressive. The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a must watch for action comedy
heroes movies. This movie is fun, full of actions, surprises, and also
all the boring super heroes movies. This movie is fun, full of actions,
and we can also know that this is an action movie. Like other action
Samuel L. Jackson (Hit-man) meet Ryan Renolds (Bodyguard) in action
is the combination of James Bond and Die Hard. Happy watching, action
and a top notch cast. It is great fun from start to finish, an
as it is action packed, containing both moments that had me in stitches
was so flat that he was never a real threat to the main characters. The cast itself is stellar, Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson have a
to anyone looking for a good action or comedy. A high class bodyguard is teamed up with a ruthless hit-man in order to
Everything about this movie, from the acting and directing to the
gone by so fast. I see a lot of movies, and this was the best action
Ryan Reynolds and Samuel Jackson were real funny and this was a action
simple, but the combination of action and good comedy makes this movie
REVIEW - THE HITMANS BODYGUARD I did wonder how this would work or if it would work at all. 2 action stars sharing the screen, would one have a better part than
the other but......A full on action film with humour, basically a version of Lethal Weapon
Good movie with lots of action and lots of laughing. As always great
'THE Hit-man'S BODYGUARD': Four Stars (Out of Five)The new action-comedy starring Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson, as
it to be a pretty amusing action buddy flick.A sadistic Eastern European dictator, Vladislav Dukhovich (Oldman), is
their adventurous road trip.The movie is actually a surprisingly cool action flick; which shouldn't
actions flicks, and Reynolds and Jackson!Watch an episode of our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at:
The movie is a spoof on an action flick. If you are looking for a
sophisticated and well developed story line, this is not it.There is a story, there is action and more than few lines that may
was it because of action and Ryan Reynold's personal brand of comedy?This movie is great. You get the genius acting and bonus comedy of at
was it because of action and Ryan Reynold's personal brand of comedy?This movie is great. You get the genius acting and bonus comedy of at
are great at selling the jokes.On the other hand we have a clique'd plot and action scenes that should
paced action sequences that really hit the mark. The banter back and
I had no double mind rating this movie.The acting from Samuel Jackson
If you like your action consisting of average car chases with the 'bad
