an eccentric cast of newcomers and veterans to the mix (like Red Hot
a simple action flick.Second, the soundtrack. This is a movie set in modern times so it needs
you can buy it on iTunes.Third, the action sequences. While it's best to go into the movie
spoiler-free, the action sequences aren't just mere action sequences.
some serious rubber. This movie has some of the best action and driving
is more in tune with some of the all time classic action films like
Goldfinger or Bullit. Amazing action sequences combined with serious
Great idea, cool premise killer cast "apparently". Actually the "star"
or main character is a nobody but he did well. If you like action,
more comic-driven films had plenty of action as well. Is it the
on Earth. The car chases and action bits are not as thrilling as they
"style over substance" trend in action movies, but if you wait for the
ZERO actingZERO emotionsTeenager movie, at mostYES, we get it, he listens to music... is this a musical?? the
overacting is just... awful and boring Driver movie - already been done, and this one is just crap
over.The acting is fine for what they are asked to do, but what they are
movie yet.The cast is note perfect, the only downside is that Jon Bernthal's role
character. The supporting cast is equally great with Jon Hamm, Jamie
recent actions films going back to doing things for real, showing an
everybody is going to watch this film because of this "device": action
with synchronised action to music... Once again, it's been done before,
I love this action movie! The story negatively expresses the goodness
my favorite actor and he also did great job for this role. His acting
Movie is full of catchy phrases, nice shots and some good acting but it
is really apparent during the action scenes, where the action is cut to
of the beginning and ends of the action scenes being on point. It
with stuff they've seen before is totally refreshing.And then we have the acting. Ansel Elgort, who's best known for The
movie certain actions, he takes, comes back to do something for him
really glad I watched.This is an Intense driving action film for both action and music fans.
soundtrack that coordinates the action and music, that is as much a
another good movie of drivers action
great chases.The music, fun, simply fun. Songs from every decade of my lifetime. Action best pure adrenaline action in years. You will be truly on the
edge of your seat during much of the film.Humor, what can I say, love Edgar Wright's humor and this is his best.And oh what a cast! Loved every one of the leads performances. I think
potential to be a decent action movie but I was suspicious from the
movie from a tempting lower rating than 6/10. Then, the action. One
film moving throughout. Wright went with a cast of mostly small-scale actors but with the
through a combination of great cinematography, good acting, humour and
both as the best action sequences in the film, and as a clever framing
technique to introduce a colorful and twisted cast of criminals.
feeling that if Baby Driver had utilized its excellent cast of
Baby's life at risk but also Deborah's.A gritty, action-packed and entertaining drama from director Edgar
action scenes, largely involving cars. The car-action does get possibly
the movie baby drive is a good movie, the acting is good along with the
and actions he made in the past and how it affect his life. The movie
starting to build it through out the movie which changes his actions
Itis good action. Simple! Makes you wanna live the story. Makes you
action sequences are smooth and easy to follow and the colorful
cuts and long shots which make the movie visually stunning. 10/10*Music*Baby Driver is an action musical. The music plays a huge role in the
suit the style and plot of the movie itself. 10/10*Performances*Baby Driver employed a greatly talented cast in Kevin Spacey, Ansel
would expect the acting was fantastic from all of the cast members.
would expect the acting was fantastic from all of the cast members.
intriguing runaway driver However the messy genre of action, romance,
This is the glossiest, over-produced action film that I've seen in
turning it off. Once one removes all the catchy ear/eye candy music moments, the action
career playing villains! He really stood out among a mostly tepid cast
it does now on here. It's an easy to watch action movie but not the
him in action. He did much better movies than this one. The rest of the
cast can clearly act but it's just their ridiculous characters that
makes this just an average action movie.
scenes.There wasn't anything amazing.Bad acting from the main character. Bad writing as well, he makes a lot
action and music scenes were okay. You can find much better looking at
and 'Hot Fuzz' to a generic car chase action flick like 'Baby Driver'.
