Don't even read the bad reviews! This was an action packed, Anthony
acting and freaking awesome CGI If u are the true transformer fan and
themselves feel better, GET A LIFE.From an action standpoint this movie is just phenomenal-- they have
really perfected the action sequences by slowing down "transformations"
explosion, a lot of action this IS for you. I advise you to go see it
from the 80's that originally existed only to sell action figures. You
is. This movie delivers exactly what it promises: nonstop action and
actions! More interest happens! More explosives! Bigger occurrences!
think this is one of the best Transformers movie. I love acting I love
humor I love CGI special effects and all action scenes. I love the
voice acting was spot on as always and contributed to the IMAX
experience making you feel there and kept you right in the action
without a dull moment but good breaks to keep from nonstop action which
would eventually bore the viewer. The acting was spot on and had great
more screen time, coupled with a lot of action. The jokes actually got
for me, it was good, and fun to see. Robot action eye candy as usual.Most complain about the film being messy and the story! Again, the
transformers movies, the CGI and action is fantastic and pure fun. If
time. I thought the action was fun, not good, just fun and I honestly
music was simply amazing, Steve Jablonsy never disappoints ,the acting
guess the cast and the script are better and i like Mark Wahlberg
big robots and good action scenes.I would say the movies have been getting progressively worse throughout
some great writing & movies to Hollywood.#4 - Horrible casting with Mark Wahlberg. His daughters character & her
you are left with Mark Wahlberg and his cheesy acting.If Michael Bay's idea of a "reboot" with Mark Wahlberg, he failed big
time! Shia LaBoeuf and cast were a fantastic ensemble with a lot of on
cool, the action is great.I don't understand the hate i know that lots of people wish there would
action monstrosity is the fifth installment of the financially
special-effects action, brain-dead dialogue, and Bay's signature style
robot action has grown soul- crushingly dull and the franchise has long
extravagant style of action triumphing over the plot that barely makes
bomb represents. Sure, a few of the action scenes showing the giant
the already convoluted plot. As for the cast, it most certainly doesn't
this movie is amazing, so many epic moments in it the action was so
good, at some points the acting was off tho but it was very very rare,
cant wait for the next transformers movie, for me Mark did good acting
beginning but the action later on will rock you and the 3D experience
was outstanding.The CGI and Visual effects were fantastic tons of action, explosions
least 140+ minutes, I want my money's worth.Notice how I didn't put, Oscar worthy acting or reality based plot.
Took my 15 year old son to this film, It was very action packed,
enjoy the action, characters, and special effects that match the toy
they are fighting and can't make sense of the action - corrected. No
into the action from the first shot.I urge all of you to go watch this summer popcorn entertainment, and
device for the working class movement not only for prestigious guilds. What I remember is Anthony Hopkins's brilliant acting! 5 out of 10!
The action scenes are the same lazy action scenes the other four 
who do not know how a movie is crafted. Teenagers like action and 
action and explosions and die hard fans of the series. It is worse than 
First, it's an action movie, that wants to say the plot of this movie
effects and Michael bay, this is the most dazzling action and high tech
This latest installment is part of the action packed Transformers
effects and nearly non-stop action. You don't really have a chance to
This film sums it all up, as well as the great action scene and a story
The movie itself was great though full of action and sci-fi as it
enjoy, and your a fan of action and sci-fi then this is what you want
big budget action sci-fi movie, true to its franchise. In the other
mix of action scenes with thrilling moments. The usual Deus Ex Machina
You critics are so cynical. Great movie, action packed, little things
the case with this release.I loved all of this movie. Great action and special effects. I liked
had suspense, action, drama, and humor. Great movie and can't wait
had some problems with some action parts because of poor editing but do
an action movie. I really liked how all different stories came together
in the end and gave a sense of satisfaction by completing the picture.
responsibility of his actions, accepted his misdeeds and rose above all
great cast as well. Enjoyed a lot of the new characters of this film. I
know this?" at times, but it's just an action movie. Just go with it.
and-a-half hours of cinematic, action-packed gold; and so much more
a robot butler called cog man who is very good but sarcastic humour I
the best story of the lot and good acting from his cast with Anthony
the best story of the lot and good acting from his cast with Anthony
support the flying sequence the action are top notch with cybertron
giving up on acting in a couple of scenes. Anyone who says this was a
story line. It also has great acting. It also has a great special
Leading this all-star cast, Mark Wahlberg continues in his quest to
Transformers 5 is an absolute must for every action and sci-fi fan. No
entertained, it just hit clenched action on genial Sci Fi.I read a lot of reviews before watching Transformers in cinema and I
Wow! OK, sure this was too long, and the acting not the best than prior
movie's cast and new and old characters and gave us back barricade
This is the largest action piece Bay ever pull off. It is a cinematic
characters on that small screen.I am thankful to Director Michael Bay for making such action packed
was amazing. The action and talking in the movie is just so perfect,
cinema, you will be making a BIG mistake.It's a friggin' action movie. Explosions, cars driving fast, lots of
criticized just enjoyed.So lets have a look at the week spots: 1. The acting...could be better,
brilliant)Other than that, this was definitely a film I liked. Loud action packed
little more complex story line than in most action-films (I actually
time to follow the story...it is very simple. lol).But like I said: it's a friggin' action movie. Grab a cola and popcorn
