see this again to enjoy everything on a more casual level.The cast comes through once more.  The musical score retains its beauty,
but also assisted during production by acting out the scenes of the
computer-generated character with his fellow actors).However, the real acting triumph of the film is Elijah Wood as Frodo
with enough action and character development worthy of ending a film event
neglected. The acting is uniformly good, and in some cases outstanding. 
Jackson has arranged the scenes, detracting slightly from the original
understand why it was done this way.The cast, as they have been all the way, are excellent.  Wood's Frodo
their own during the battle scenes - adding both action and the odd comic
whole cast but I will stick with noting two things.  Firstly, both
closure to finish it to his satisfaction then I can give him that in
filmed actors and action, sweeping landscapes, and dozens of things
had a few more action sequences (which got cheers from the aforementioned
girls) which were quite well pulled off, but his acting wasn't much
close-ups of pieces of the action, make for an exciting scene. The visual
action, and they're entirely created by computer. There's also some wide
battle, and even the individual actions have the masses warring as a
scary images, and they'd also be a distraction during the final movie in
epic. Not to mention superb ensemble acting, moods that shift
stays with you, the physical attractions are not airbrushed, and the
drama, the action really gets to you and you feel like you're really
also very well done with a great mix of live-action and cgi. Although
storytelling and resorts to complicated action sequences.  I think part
electrifying action and substantial character development so deftly
magical world but a satisfaction in realizing you just witnessed one of
had guts and grit too. And Jackson made his cast look earthy and human,
part). Also, I found the acting not convincing. All together a week start,
detailed and thoroughly developed character. The meld of live-action
The acting doesn't let you down at any point. There is a lot of scary
movies were just picnic. Not only the action sequences but also the
as an action movie-of-the-week turned out to be an important lesson on
score to create a convincing depiction of Middle Earth.Once again the cast delivers expert performances. John Noble joins the
cast as Denethor and effectively makes him into a despicable and
Jackson is a master in mixing the special effect with real life action.
laughable and not entirely convincing acting indeed.But,given how little the
dialogue, character development, direction, acting, costuming, set
any of these three films. The casting is perfection as well as the
incredible acting by everyone in the movie. I can still watch these
Like others I could give glowing comments about content, acting,
acting
good films are spoilt by substituting acting for over indulgence in
diatribes of their deep dissatisfaction with all that does not conform
and some of the best acting, especially from Sean Astin (Sam), Elijah
stop-start while the action intercutting in TTT can be annoying but ROTK
Will Shakespeare reincarnated , look at the way the cast act their parts ,
I`ve no idea how John Lesnie`s camera was able to keep up with the action
emotional involving, it's hard to think that any action could top what
the best of the best.The acting even surpasses the first two, having the evolution of each
heightening the tension. From the acting to the sound editing, this
Isengard before taking different paths to Minas Tirith.The action is unrelenting and most people will not notice the running time
will all have their supporters for acting honours and rightly so, as they
acting awards with the exception of Miranda Otto. It's absolutely certain
appears in.The acting is very good. Orlando Bloom(who I can find dashing yet
perfectly cast, while the design of Gollum is still superb and Andy
action-packed misuse of CGI but... You know the rest: the movies
Rings, then he should be assured one with ROTK.Also showing more acting range that was expected of him is Sean Astin in
cast to all the work done behind the scenes and in the studio. This
movies ever made. A fitting end to a stunning trilogy. The acting as it
siege at Helms Deep in The Two Towers.As I said, the acting is again first rate from the entire cast. And it
siege at Helms Deep in The Two Towers.As I said, the acting is again first rate from the entire cast. And it
the early character development in lieu of action sequences is equally
speed combine for one of the best scenes of the year.None of the acting work stood out to me, and by that I mean no individual
case for at least four cast members (Astin, McKellen, Mortensen, Wood),
which is a tribute to the overall strength of the ensemble cast. Everyone
I've seen glimpses of behind the scenes carries over wonderfully.The acting serves as a means rather than an end. A la "Band of Brothers",
elevate this film to another level. On top of the nonpareil action
fabulous acting of all participants, that theme is displayed in all its
for two main reasons action and intimacy. The action is stunningly
realized by weta workshop. But even though the action is great at the
ever and The rest of the cast are comendable, with great praises going to
all the characters acting was very good and believable.The battle scenes
