
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


This movie had a lot of potential. It started out great, but it began
to fall apart rapidly just after the halfway mark. A more complicated plot could have developed, but the second half just
seems rushed. The movie could have gone in several different and more
fulfilling directions, but it went full cheese instead. Disappointing.
It ends up being just a variation of "The Last Ride" (2004). SPOILER ALERT It's a given that being in debt to a crime boss means your debt will
never really be cleared, so that's okay for a movie.And you can suspend disbelief for driving physics and non-deploying
airbags...But...Doc sending the third crew to meet with arms dealers was totally
unnecessary for the job they had the next day, because they already had
all the equipment they needed, so that whole scene was forced just for
a plot device.Bats proved he was willing to kill for no reason, so there's really no
reason he would have left Joe alive.There is no way Buddy would have been able to escape all those cops
swarming him downtown. Then Buddy shows up again later after getting
shot in the chest. Superhuman villains in a non-superhero movie tend to
ruin the whole thing.Doc remaining in the place from where the heist was launched at risk of
being caught for no reason (even though he knew it was botched) made no
sense, just like his sudden change of heart in "helping" Baby made no
sense.Oh and Jon Bernthal is only in the movie for about 10 minutes, so not
sure why he was given top billing, when he's pretty much just an extra
with a couple of lines. Baby's deaf foster dad had more lines (sign
language) than Bernthal, yet he's not considered a main character.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Edgar Wright can really do no wrong. Hot Fuzz was a hit. The World's
End was a hit. Shaun Of The Dead was a hit. But Baby Driver is a grand
slam home run. Really, this movie is amazing and there's so much good
about it that there's not much to say about anything bad in this movie.First, Edgar Wright has managed to create an awesome original movie
that is not a sequel, remake, or reboot. And he has also managed to
create a movie that is 100x cooler than anything Quentin Tarantino has
made in the last 10 years. Really, this movie is cool on multiple
levels. Baby is an intriguing character in his own right. As is his
love interest, Debora the waitress. But when you add such veteran
actors as Kevin Spacey, Jamie Foxx and Jon Hamm to the mix along with
an eccentric cast of newcomers and veterans to the mix (like Red Hot
Chili Peppers' bassist Flea), the film becomes something much more than
a simple action flick.Second, the soundtrack. This is a movie set in modern times so it needs
a modern soundtrack. Edgar Wright could have gone the 70's nostalgia
route like so many before him. But this one is way different. It's like
visiting your vintage record store. There's 30 songs on the soundtrack,
all from various decades of music from the 1950s to the present modern
era of music. Each track was meticulously chosen, and is more than just
mere background noise. The songs often take on a life of their own and
during the scenes, you can actually see the songs become a part of the
scene. While most movies put the soundtrack in the background and try
to burn as much music as they can, Baby Driver actually weaves the
music into each scene and it becomes almost organic. Like the
soundtrack is a secondary character in the movie.The songs in the movie are as brilliant as the movie itself. This isn't
just some collection of nostalgia tunes slapped together for background
effect, this is the real deal. You have such diverse and eccentric
music as Queen, Beck, The Damned, Sam & Dave, Blur, Simon & Garfunkel,
Barry White, Dave Brubeck, Focus, and more. After watching the movie,
go buy the soundtrack. Preferably on vinyl, really, any other format
kind of defeats the purpose. Although Baby himself prefers an iPod. So
you can buy it on iTunes.Third, the action sequences. While it's best to go into the movie
spoiler-free, the action sequences aren't just mere action sequences.
They really make you want to go rent a Mustang or a Camaro and burn
some serious rubber. This movie has some of the best action and driving
sequences that have not been seen in a movie for a very long time. This
is more in tune with some of the all time classic action films like
Goldfinger or Bullit. Amazing action sequences combined with serious
character development makes Baby Driver a really intriguing film.So in short go see this movie. Then crank up the tunes and burn some
rubber. Then go watch all of Edgar Wright's other movies. Support
originality in Hollywood.



Baby driver is easy to watch , but hard to make . The style of world of
cinema has been changed . This film is the next level style in world of
cinema . All the characters are massive . The music doesn't have any
relation with the story . But the music is driving the car in a
magnificent way .I can practically see the effort of crew members who
work in this movie . In a one sentence,baby driver is a whole package
for every kind of audiences.(Every movie lover should watch baby
driver)



Great idea, cool premise killer cast "apparently". Actually the "star"
or main character is a nobody but he did well. If you like action,
weird dark comedy and heists check this out! There will not be spo!ler$
so cant tell ya why see for yourself, why I did not give 10 stars. This
is my favorite genre so I had to rent and was not disappointed. Really
I thought it would be mediocre at best.



Not as good as the reviews would have you believe. But I still think it
's probably a very cool film for teenagers. I think they might get a
vibe similar to what Grease did for us when we were teenagers. And that
's high praise. Still not a good film for adults. We were expecting
more from a movie that has been said to be one of the best if not the
best movie of 2017.



Don't get me wrong, I love Edgar Wright. In fact, I love him so much
that four of his films occupy their well-deserved spots in my own Top
Ten Movies of All Time list. And, heading to see Baby Driver, I was
pretty sure I'd have to knock someone else's flick off that list to
squeeze Edgar's new creation in there. Sadly, I didn't have to. I can't quite put my finger on it. Is it the very-American theme that
didn't let Edgar's crazy version of British humor to shine through? But
he did well in a Canadian setting. Is it the genre? Perhaps, but his
more comic-driven films had plenty of action as well. Is it the
beaten-to-death plot? But Wright is known for taking beaten-to-death
plots like zombie apocalypse or alien invasion and turning them on
their heads. So perhaps it's nothing more than basic self- indulgence?The best thing about Wright's Cornetto Trilogy and Scott Piligrim was
that they were brilliant movies that either didn't know they were
brilliant or playfully pretended they didn't know. Baby Driver thinks
it's brilliant even when it actually isn't, and that's jarring. The
dialogue feels forced but it's presented as if it's the funniest thing
on Earth. The car chases and action bits are not as thrilling as they
try to seem, mostly because you don't care enough about characters
anyway. The romance is superficial, which is fine at first but stops
making sense when the lovebirds are suddenly willing to sacrifice their
lives for each other after one dinner together. For Heaven's sake, even
music and editing are nothing special, which is a shame, because
inventive editing and visual puns is what makes Wright films instantly
recognizable, and cool music is what this particular film was supposed
to be all about. Surprisingly, the best part of the film for me were Ansel Elgort and
Lily James, the two actors I was initially very skeptical about. Ansel
made Baby's character likable and Lily just looked unbelievably cute.
The big guns like Spacey, Hamm and Foxx could be replaced by anyone
else without any harm done (and yes, Simon Pegg could easily outdo all
of them).My verdict: it's probably a fun movie that blends nicely in today's
"style over substance" trend in action movies, but if you wait for the
fresh humor and originality of Edgar's earlier works you may want to
lower your expectations quite a bit.



This is one of the best movies so far in 2017. With a super mix of
charismatic characters, catchy music a lot of humor this film is a sure
fire winner. A genius get-a-way driver with problems and issues finds
himself in a spiraling tangle of events. The opening car chase followed
by a musical coffee dance is worth the price of the ticket alone! All
the players in this film are likable for different reasons and the
whole production is masterfully done:8/10.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

ZERO actingZERO emotionsTeenager movie, at mostYES, we get it, he listens to music... is this a musical?? the
overacting is just... awful and boring Driver movie - already been done, and this one is just crap



Edgar Wright yeah? Edgar Wrong. I love Edgar Wright movies, but I
thought this script was truly amateur hour. So I wondered what
happened? Then I read this is the first screenplay he wrote by himself.
And so I beg, please do NOT do that again. It is one mistake after
another. Nothing really makes any sense, which I guess is fine if
you're going for the surreal world of Scott Pilgrim or his other films,
which was which were true masterpieces, not this junker. I saw some
professional critic say (can you trust those guys anymore?) that this
was "his masterpiece." I hope he got paid well. This movie is
amateurish on every level, and it isn't just the script, the story is
hackneyed as well. But back to the script, you know what I hate in
crime movies more than anything? Magic cops. Magic cops is what I call it when police show up within a time frame
that in real life is much too fast. If you commit a crime and within
seconds or less than a minute there are multiple cop cars and
helicopters on you-- those are magic cops. If every time you turn
around, there are cops, those are magic cops. That may give the
director a quick way to get into a chase scene, or move the plot where
you want to go quickly, but it is cheating the laws of reality. The
ability of the cops to always find the criminal very quickly regardless
of what they do or where they go or how little info the cops should
have, is cheating the viewer of a realistic story. Which is fine for a
surreal movie like Wright is known for, but this is played straight.
This is a straight up crime romance. It is lazy writing and nothing
more to blame. Another thing I hate is when supposed seasoned criminals do very dumb
things in order to make it easier for cops to catch them. For instance
if you are stealing cars to make a get away and also switching cars to
aid in your escape, why would you then park right in front of where you
live or where you are doing stuff? And since you changed cars why are
the cops there within a minute or two? The writing is lazy, that's why.
The criminal all of a sudden conveniently acts like a foolish amateur
at the worst possible time and the cops magically appear
everywhere--that sums up this movie. This happens over and over and
over.The acting is fine for what they are asked to do, but what they are
asked to do is either mawkish or hackneyed tough criminal types. I get
the feeling that Wright was trying to create a Guy Ritchie movie
(failed at that Edgar, completely) because he wanted to be seen as more
than the guy who makes funny wacky weird movies. He wants to be seen as
street. He fails bigly. The amount of hype this movie gets is sadly so
typical these days for bad movies, and I think a lot of it has to do
with people who are maybe drinking or other things, maybe out partying
before seeing these types of movies that appeal to young guys, because
if you are sober and not very young, you should cringe at this type of
stuff. Imagine Fast and the Furious without anything but sitting around
talking like idiots with a few driving scenes without any of the wild
and big production stuff they do. What you get is dumb and tiresome
dialogue, mawkishness, hackneyed machismo, and a forced romance that
doesn't seem real just to give the movie a romantic motive for the
lead.



Edgar Wright's newest film captures everything you can possibly love
about going to the movies. It's filled with wonderful characters, great
car chases, enough style for a dozen cool flicks, and yes, a soundtrack
that is better than sex. While using a familiar story template (the
Driver & Drive), Wright completely makes it his own, infusing it with
his love for music and his film geekiness. Wright has a perfect
filmography at this point and definitely deserves to be ranked as one
of the finest directors of the past 20 years. This may be his best
movie yet.The cast is note perfect, the only downside is that Jon Bernthal's role
is almost more of a cameo (considering the top billing). Ansel Elgort
is wonderful as Baby, bringing an instant likability and purity to the
character. The supporting cast is equally great with Jon Hamm, Jamie
Foxx, and Eiza Gonzalez as the standouts. The scenes between all three
of them contain the most electricity and tension.The car chases are brilliantly shot, eschewing the dull over-the-top
silliness of the Fast & Furious franchise for something much more
grounded and much more exciting. The lack of special effects keeps up
the tension with actual stunt driving, continuing the good trend of
recent actions films going back to doing things for real, showing an
understanding of the genre.Usually, I try to not let myself get too hyped about a new film coming
out, but this is the exception. I can't remember the last time I had
this much pure fun at the movies and all of you need to see it. I was
lucky enough to get into an advanced screening and I almost regret it:
waiting two months before I can see it again is unbearable torture.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

... give me flashbacks to DIRTY DANCING.1. You can't force "clever." Something is either clever or it is not.
This film is ambitious but not clever. If you want clever, done right,
watch Lucky Number Sleven.2. The romantic arc is weird, too convenient, not well developed and
there is no chemistry.3. To borrow a line from Kevin Spacey's dialog, you want the good news?
The good news is that the romantic arc is not an issue because this
film a much bigger issue. No audience connection. By the 60 minute
minute I did not care about Baby, or his instant girlfriend, or Spacey,
of anyone. OK, I actually did care about the little kid who played the
nephew. He should have starred.4. For those who care about dramatic structure, Fox's character is so
top-heavy that he should be counter-point. But to who? Baby is so
lightweight for most the movie that he cannot be counterpoint to Fox
and Spacey at the same time.Over-rated to a scary degree. No wonder no two people can agree on
anything anymore.



So you either hate this movie or you love it and if you love it you
have already watched it a half dozen times and you find something new
to love about it every time you watch it. Every note, every color,
every word, every sound effect is part of the tapestry. If you are
bored you were not paying attention.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


I really don't know if this is a spoiler, as the way I get it,
everybody is going to watch this film because of this "device": action
on screen is synchronised with the soundtrack songs... And nobody have
done that before... Oh, except they have, they even call it a name:
"musical" (and not only the ones in which people stop talking to start
singing, like "Singing in The Rain", but also those in which the music
is a fundamental part of the story, like "Saturday Night Fever"...) And
before that, there was something called "dance", but that's not the
subject here. Of course, some could argue that it's a non-musical film
with synchronised action to music... Once again, it's been done before,
like the Diva's on-stage performance matching Leeloo's fight in a hotel
room in "The Fifth Element", or the EVE and WALL-E open-space maneuvers
in Pixar's "WALL-E"...There are no twists (worth it, I mean), there is a granted happy ending
(but then again, everybody could tell that from the trailer alone,
that's no spoiler, really), and a bad guy (with a stupid name) to whom
people should sympathise, except that he's too dumb for that.The car chases are better than those from any of "The TransFormers"
franchise, but I'm not sure it's a fair comparison (choreographed lame
chases versus computer generated physical-laws-ignoring graphics...)I have to say, I was really surprised to see such high rating on IMDb
and Rotten Tomatoes. Either they developed a much better voting bot, or
people are getting way dumber than the films they are watching...



I love this action movie! The story negatively expresses the goodness
and genuineness of a man. Audiences are quite impressed with Baby's
goodness which showed through series of mistakes during his taking
driver role in bank robbery business. Doc is a business agent for bank robbery who hired by unknown social
forces who seek illegal benefits by exploiting thugs. Kevin Spacey is
my favorite actor and he also did great job for this role. His acting
is sensitive for expressing humanism via dark side of human race. Doc
is not a completely brutal guy for Baby even when Baby recorded every
conversation among thugs and make it into musics. Socially disabled Baby's encounter with waitress Debora is everyone's
dream! Debora and bank victims who saved by Baby testimonies his
goodness at the court in the last sequence. Then, Baby has happy ending
after released from jail. Audiences accepted the happy ending! The story is humanistic! Bank robbery driver Baby meets beautifulwaitress Debora. And his illegal acts risk and threaten his beloved
people gradually , and thugs turned against him. It is a good film! 10 out of 10!



I was able to watch Baby Driver during an advanced screening last week
and and yes it's as amazing as the critics say it is. The way it uses
the music is just so great. It's so different from all the other
movies, but it isn't artsy in a way that only the critics will like it:
this is a movie for everyone. I went with a friend who is really hard
to please when it comes to movies, but I just knew he would love this.
And I was right, I never saw him as excited about a movie as he was
about this one. It's just so much fun to watch, but it's also serious
when it needs to be and it has very intriguing characters. But I'll be
honest, the core of the movie is its music. I think this is the second
time I say it, but the music works so well. If I wasn't in the theaters
I would sing with the songs. Even though it's completely different, it
reminds me a bit of Fury Road in the way that it makes you want to
punch your fist and the air and cheer during the movie. In reality I
think it's more a mixture of La La Land and Grand Theft Auto (it's
definitely not a musical by the way). Go see this movie. I don't want
to overhype anyone, but I'll make a bold statement and say this is my
favorite Edgar Wright movie. I'll be shocked if this doesn't appear on
many 'Best of the Year' lists in December, at least I already know
it'll be on mine.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Movie is full of catchy phrases, nice shots and some good acting but it
is still raw and unfinished as a steak with blood on a plate, it is
partly seasoned, haven't even touched damn pan... so I would say a
first shot a bit clumsy but with possibly better then average plot line
this childish teenager like rad movie can go to look-a-like boring
never ending series like fast and furious or step up franchise.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Title not enough to go on for my thoughts on this movie? That's OK; I'm
cool to go deeper.This movie is the latest film to be directed by Edgar Wright, the same
hyperactive auteur behind the Cornetto trilogy - Shaun of the Dead, Hot
Fuzz and The World's End - and also Scott Pilgrim vs. The World. All of
these films are fantastic and very much some of the best movies of the
modern century, let alone some of the best comedies. His films do
feature very whip sharp dialogue and editing, along with very faithful
homages to the genre he's satirising/straight up directing for. This
film is no different.Principally, this movie is in a genre that's hard to pin down: it could
very much fit into any one of those that I listed in the title of this
review, because it inhabits each of them equally. The way it utilises
the comedy and thriller elements are typically brilliant of an Edgar
Wright project, but even still, the editing is on top form here. This
is really apparent during the action scenes, where the action is cut to
the music i.e. gunshots that play to drum beats, or the actual timing
of the beginning and ends of the action scenes being on point. It
extends beyond into how Baby interacts with Debora at the launderette,
and builds a really, REALLY infectious kineticism with the movie that
its exceptional.The filmmaking is solid, but also the writing is great as well.
Everything that is set up within the film comes into play at some
point, and in very unexpected ways that are genius - even the spelling
of Debora's name comes into play, or a particular song being used in a
way that you wouldn't expect it to be. There's also the inclusion of a
kind-of Antagonist switch at the final act of the movie; I haven't seen
that in a long time. This originality, and not patronising the audience
with stuff they've seen before is totally refreshing.And then we have the acting. Ansel Elgort, who's best known for The
Fault in our Stars, is really giving a new start to his career as this
charming, cool, but also quietly powerful performance as Baby, who is
aware that he's playing alongside dangerous criminals but also has
standards that come into play throughout the film. Additionally, his
chemistry with Lily James is quite endearing and sweet, and realistic
for a pair of 17 year olds. Kevin Spacey is in this film, giving his best film performance in a
long time, as the mob boss Doc who is both a parental figure to Baby
but also is very demanding of him in a deep kind of way. His presence
in the film is a welcome one to keep the thriller and comedic elements
afloat. However, the two best performances in the film - and I WILL state that
they are Oscar worthy here - are by Jamie Foxx as 'Bats' and Jon Hamm
as 'Buddy'. Both are the subject of that Antagonist switch I mentioned
earlier, and the way they are utilised as direct threats to Baby and
everything he has are genius. These characters are both individually
fantastic: they are in equal measures terrifying and hilarious at the
same time, and get some great lines. There's also supporting
performances by Jon Bernthal at the beginning very briefly as a
gangster, Eiza Gonzalez as Buddy's wife Darling who is equally awesome,
and a heart warming performance by deaf actor CJ Jones as Baby's foster
father.In short, see this movie. I predict it'll get no awards attention even
though it sorely deserves it, and I would love it if it did. Just make
sure you see it in a cinema and get the best experience you can with
it.



This is a really amazingly original movie: it's surprising actually, at
first glance you'd think this must just be a good movie that made it to
the cinemas - but it's more than a good movie! It brings and original
story based plot with a new concept to it, in my opinion using fast and
furious' concept and putting it with a good old-fashioned plot of a boy
who's hurt in some form or way and living life on the edge but keeps
loved ones safe. But it comes close to an end, like a classics movie
but putting the new base to it which works really well! And it suits
the movie with its pace and way around the situation. Throughout the
movie certain actions, he takes, comes back to do something for him
later on. In the end, this movie is really good bring classics to new
and mixing it to make the best out of it! From what I hear there are
plans for a second movie - which will be met with open arms and smiles
from me and much more!


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Let me begin with my assumption that I wasn't going to like this film,
but the 97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes made me curious, and I'm now
really glad I watched.This is an Intense driving action film for both action and music fans.
The story is of 'Baby', who is a teenager and the best getaway driver
in the business, his quirk is he plays music continuously through
earplugs to cope with constant tinnitus following a childhood accident.
Baby works for a crime boss, brilliantly played by Kevin Spacey. Baby
is the lucky charm and is used for every bank job or armed robbery.
Baby meets a waitress who provides the romantic element and who shares
his passion for music. They fall in love and plan to run away together.
But, of course, Baby has just one last job before he can leave the
crime world.The plot is very cleverly written, there's an excellent non-stop
soundtrack that coordinates the action and music, that is as much a
character as any of the actors. The car chases are without any CGI,
making them more realistic (like you're really in the car). Baby Driver is a must-see, highly recommended film that if you didn't
know you might guess was directed by Tarantino.



the most boring movie i saw in a long time, slow, predictable, let a
lot of holes in the history once again i've been fooled by a good
trailer (tha trailer was good compare with the movie) i wouldn't can
wait that ended it only good thing was J Fox act well i have to wait
another good movie of drivers action



I liked about 76% of this movie - until right after the awesome cameo
by the incomparable Swan himself. The film gets to that point at
breakneck speed. Then it just sputters through moments like Wright
didn't know how to finish things through at the same pace.Oh, and Jamie Foxx is intolerable beyond imagination. I know he was
meant to be villainous. But it went from being apt characterization to
cinematic teeth-grinding smugness without a trace of even devilish
nuance. There is absolutely nothing redeeming about the portrayal; it
is straight-up grating, one-dimensional and detrimental in every
applicable scene.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Everything about the film is pretty much pitch perfect if you ask me.
Lets start with the cars. I have not been a fan of Fast and Furious
films, but the chase scenes in this film run circles around that series
if a certain reality of the moves matters to you. This is more in line
with Bullit,French Connection, and the Italian Job films as far as
great chases.The music, fun, simply fun. Songs from every decade of my lifetime. Action best pure adrenaline action in years. You will be truly on the
edge of your seat during much of the film.Humor, what can I say, love Edgar Wright's humor and this is his best.And oh what a cast! Loved every one of the leads performances. I think
Ansel was a standout, but come on Jamie Foxx, Spacey, Hamm and the
beautiful Lily James. And the other leading lady, Eiza Gonzalez, was
unknown to me, but she was great with one terrific diner speech in
particular. I was lucky enough to see this at an early screening in
Denver. I will be seeing this in the theaters once again when it opens,
and I very rarely watch movies more than once.Sometimes when I see a review fawning over a film like this, I think
troll. Best way to check that out is see how many films the reviewer
has reviewed and rated. I have over 4,000 rated films here. Not a lot
of tens either.Best film so far this year.



I don't consider myself a movie expert or anything but I'd like to
think I know a good movie when I see one, even if it's not exactly my
cup of tea. Baby Driver was actually supposed to be. It had the
potential to be a decent action movie but I was suspicious from the
moment I saw it had 8.3 on here. I mean, what could have they done with
this movie to deserve such a high rating? So, just in case, I lowered
my expectations and, somehow, I still managed to be disappointed. Is it
possible I am not seeing the originality and perfection of this movie
that everyone keeps talking about?Let's go over the good parts first. The soundtrack, of course. I was
very pleased with the song choices and that alone has salvaged this
movie from a tempting lower rating than 6/10. Then, the action. One
could argue that is seemed forced in some cases, which is true, but
overall, I can appreciate the bad-ass driving scenes and the well
executed violent confrontations.Now it's time for the cons. To begin with, I feel like this had the
potential to be a great story and somehow it got boring before it even
began. The relationship between Elgort's (Baby) and Spacey's (Doc)
characters could have given some wind to the wings of this movie.
Baby's past could have done the same. I swear, there are so many things
which could have been used to make some sense out of the story and out
of the characters, but they just didn't elaborate on anything well
enough to interest the viewers. It's like they wanted this movie to be
so many different things that they ended up with a little bit of
everything which amounted to nothing much when put together. Onto the
girl. I just don't find her character believable nor do I see any
relevance of having her in the movie other that to slow down the pace
of it. I could go on about all the things which were ridiculous about
this love story, but then again, maybe I'm just too cynical to
understand it. Next stop, Spacey and Foxx. Come. On. Guys. I adore both
of them and I was hoping for either of them to be the highlight of this
movie. They were not. It felt like Specey couldn't be bothered to
deliver a good performance. I was half expecting him to keyser soze his
way out of it and turn the whole thing around and there was even a
perfect moment to do so. And then nothing. Foxx didn't do a bad job but
this character of his was already used in Horrible bosses so I can't
give him much credit for it.The list really could go on for much longer. I don't expect movies like
this to have relatable characters nor a reality based storyline, but I
do expect a level of consistency, which is something this movie is
lacking big time. I enjoy when a movie has more than one thing to offer
but this whole "love story from a musical on one side and a serious,
violent heist on the other", is just not working in a way I find
interesting.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Baby Driver is the newest film by director Edgar Wright, who is famous
for making some of the arguably best British comedies of all time with
the Three Flavours of Cornetto Trilogy. After a four-year break from
directing following the conclusion to the trilogy in the World's End,
Wright resurfaces with 'Baby Driver', a worthy addition to his
filmography. The film follows the story of 'Baby', a young man who works as a
getaway driver for a mob boss to whom he owes a debt. Music is a huge
part of Baby's life and this is used as a central plot point: a lot of
the time the music he listens to is used as the soundtrack and the
scenes are filmed accordingly. This is a very ambitious and arguably
unique concept which Wright pulls off well and which helps to keep the
film moving throughout. Wright went with a cast of mostly small-scale actors but with the
addition of the two stars Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx. This combination
works very well and all of them, especially Ansel Elgort (Baby),
deliver very convincing performances.There is a good blend of tension and humour in the film and coupled
with Wright's unique and captivating cinematography it makes the film a
very fun but at the same time engaging ride. Both the scripting and the
pacing are good and the film does not get particularly boring at any
point. However, the thing that undoubtedly stands out the most is the
soundtrack. Wright uses a kaleidoscope of different genres yet all the
songs seem to blend together seamlessly. From Egyptian reggae to Queen,
from Hans Zimmer to Simon & Garfunkel, each song has its place and fits
perfectly into its respective scene. Baby's dancing performances,
especially in the brilliant one-take shot at the beginning, only manage
to add to the already great atmosphere created by the soundtrack.Overall, Baby Driver is one of Edgar Wright's best films to date and
through a combination of great cinematography, good acting, humour and
a unique, well applied soundtrack, it is most certainly a film worth
seeing.



I think it is a very very good movie. Good for a lazy Sunday afternoon.
Very good music, nice scenes and good car chasing parts.The best is that you cant tell where the story goes. Kevin Spacey, Jamie Fox act very good. Also all the other characters
are very good. I fell in love with Debora :)



Baby Driver has a fantastic sense of momentum. From walking down a
block to evading the police in a high stakes chase, everything Baby
does is well choreographed and high impact. The opening heists serve
both as the best action sequences in the film, and as a clever framing
technique to introduce a colorful and twisted cast of criminals.
Unfortunately most every character in this film ends up revolving too
close to the titular Baby, making them seem like mirrors for the
protagonist's ego, rather than fulfilling their potential as great
characters in their own right. This is my only real problem with the
film. Lily James and CJ Jones seem crammed into the script only to
smile and repeatedly tell Baby how great he is, while Kevin Spacey also
has an overabundance of ass kissing lines, although he delivers most of
them with a scowl. What makes this all so infuriating is that while
Baby is a fun character, and his Tinnitus is wonderfully incorporated
into the editing, he doesn't seem worthy of the fascination the script
has with him. It is a fun joyride nonetheless, but I can't help but
feeling that if Baby Driver had utilized its excellent cast of
criminals better, it could have been more than that.



Baby is a young getaway driver, contracted to a master-criminal, Doc.
Doc's specialty is armed robberies - he puts together teams for each
heist, with Baby being the only constant. Baby completes his last job
for Doc and is now free. He sets about leading a normal life, getting a
legitimate job and starting a relationship (with Debora). However, Doc
views Baby as a sort of good luck charm, and, using threats of
violence, pulls him back into the criminal world. With a particular job
in mind, Doc assembles his team. However, the other individuals are
incompatible with each other, if not psychotic, and soon not only is
Baby's life at risk but also Deborah's.A gritty, action-packed and entertaining drama from director Edgar
Wright (Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, Scott Pilgrim vs the World). Good
script, with some characters that Tarantino would be proud of. Good
action scenes, largely involving cars. The car-action does get possibly
too much screen time though, starting to resemble Fast & Furious after
a while (that's never a compliment...). Another negative is that it does feel too schmaltzy, especially the
ending, which is quite weak in comparison with the remainder of the
movie. Ansel Elgort is also a bit irritating as Baby (though not as
irritating as he was in The Fault In Our Stars). Comes across as a nerd
trying to be cool.Can't fault the supporting performances though. Kevin Spacey, Jon Hamm,
Jamie Foxx and Lily James are great. Jamie Foxx is particularly
impressive as the intense, paranoid, impulsive, psychotic Bats.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


the movie baby drive is a good movie, the acting is good along with the
music in the movie. The movie is about a man who is really good at
getaway driving which was a job selected by choice due to the decision
and actions he made in the past and how it affect his life. The movie
starts of with baby the main character having no confidence but
starting to build it through out the movie which changes his actions
through out the movie. although the movie was good i would have liked
if they change some parts


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


First of all I'm not usually attracted to this kind of flick... I'm
more a fan of dark 'who done it' crime dramas but I was pleasantly
surprised at how much I enjoyed it... maybe it just caught me in the
right mood?This is one of those films that gets either fantastic or really lousy
reviews & I always find myself drawn to those.I find a lot of the reviewers who gave it low scores may have missed
the point of the movie. Someone stated that it takes itself too
seriously & as far as I'm concerned it's not doing that at all. It's
more a spoof than anything else. Some of the sound editing was very well done in the way that the sfx
synced with the music. Sure that's been done before but it was very
effective & besides, what hasn't been done before.The best way to observe this is to turn off your brain's analytical
mode, grab some popcorn & just enjoy it for what it is; a fun rollick
about a group of people who aren't very well suited to each other out
on a crime spree.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Whatever your taste in movies you're going to love this one, Kevin
Spacy is a performance beast and he did -as usual- a perfect job. if
you love cars, driving, drifting, etc. ... this is a perfect movie for
you. If you're looking for a heist movie, no, not this one, the movie
is of the light kind, the heists inside are of the obsolete type that
won't saturate you. The movie is great, won't be a waste of time ...
trust me on that.



I will only say damn... that's how I felt when it finally finished.
Itis good action. Simple! Makes you wanna live the story. Makes you
feel alive. Bring good vibes... And feels real. It is like a XXI
century Bonnie and Clide. If you have not seen it, go see it. If you
are feeling down, go watch it... if you are feeling up go watch it too.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Overall not a bad film as a whole but unfortunately there are just a
few bits that grind my gears, pun intended.First of all a lot of plot holes including right near the end when
'spoiler alert' buddy takes baby's hearing from him before attempting
to kill him. - What is the purpose of this if his intent is to kill him
anyway - id understand if he was to deafen him then leave sure you've
taken something away from him but to deafen him and then try to kill
him literally seconds later?? Secondly, the big reveal of the Mustang or Camaro at the end to then
destroy it in the next scene - whats the point if it was supposed to be
"the car to drive off and listen to music in" There are so many that I could go on beyond the character limit on this
page but without being finicky the movie isn't terrible



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

I'm the type of person who doesn't take giving perfect 10 lightly but
at the same time I'm not looking for perfection. This film is
magnificent in almost every way, brilliant in execution, and uniquely
creative. It's unbelievable how many easily dispensable moments such as
a sound effect(car door ajar), a cartoon clip, or a dream moment and
many other small things were given coherence. To me these are the
prerequisites for a 10, something that is just epiphanic, it hits you
with a wonder on why someone like me who is not expert in filmmaking
understands that this film is an expertise, a masterpiece.Is it Musical? Not really, but music here don't serve as a background
aesthethic it has a role to fulfill. It's actually hard not to compare
it to a musical in recent memory. Though I have to say La La Land's
Romance and Jazz is not for everybody but Baby Driver's Romance, Feel
Good Music and Action, now that's what I'm talking about.It's also incredible how Baby Driver is a hybrid of so many films and
yet it's not convoluted. Romance, Musical, Heist, Action and Comedy
into one film, that is just incredible. It's almost as if Edgar Wright
is saying I can do all of those and I'm not even serious. It's also
notable that Baby Driver is not desperate like some films that forces
two genres into one but comes out doing it inadequately. It doesn't
even need the backing of a blind fanbase to exaggerate how exceptional
it is. This is a True Cross-Genre Film that was able to exhibit the things
that we love from each of those genre. It's not like Spiderman
Homecoming that just add a slapdash writing of teenage angst and
pretend it's already a coming-of-age film.So many directors have great visions, concepts and stories but like
what Sam Sylvia of GLOW said "There are many Oscar-worthy ideas out
there, So What?!" The truth is I don't like any of Edgar Wright's
previous films, maybe I don't get British jokes or maybe I think Simon
Pegg is unfunny but despite the ludicrous movies in his resume, Edgar
Wright puts on a clinic on how to make those kind of Oscar-worthy ideas
a reality in Baby Driver.I'm so picky with my films sometimes I think I hate films but Baby
Driver despite its stupid name is timeless and simply one of the few
greats ever.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


*Plot*Without spoiling anything, the movie is about a young getaway driver,
Baby (Ansel Elgort) who's parents were killed in a car accident. As a
result of this event, he damaged his hearing and therefore, constantly
listens to music to drown the humming noise in his ear. He is pressured
into working for this kingpin (Kevin Spacey) and works as the driver of
a crew in a series of robberies. Baby meets this waitress named Debora
(Lily James) and falls in love with her. Arguably, this was the weakest
aspect of the movie. This is because there could have been more
emphasis on character development and the relationship between the two.
Their relationship simply did not feel strong enough to justify the
life changing and threatening decisions Debora made in the final third
of the movie. However, despite this the plot was exciting and the
pacing was spot on. 8.5/10*Cinematography* Baby Driver was a beautifully executed movie and it was a fresh breath
of originality. This film has Edgar Wright written all over it. The
action sequences are smooth and easy to follow and the colorful
cinematography is gorgeous. Baby driver has the perfect blend of fast
cuts and long shots which make the movie visually stunning. 10/10*Music*Baby Driver is an action musical. The music plays a huge role in the
film and it is in perfect sync with all the shots and events that occur
before us. One of the things that Baby Driver made me do is leave the
movie theater desperate to listen to the entire music score and it is
indeed a combination of a variety of different songs which perfectly
suit the style and plot of the movie itself. 10/10*Performances*Baby Driver employed a greatly talented cast in Kevin Spacey, Ansel
Elgort, Jon Hamm, Jamie Foxx, Lily James and Eiza Gonzalez. As one
would expect the acting was fantastic from all of the cast members.
10/10It is definitely worth the watch. Edgar Wright does not disappoint!



"Baby Driver" is a sort of "Drive" wannabe with the story of an
intriguing runaway driver However the messy genre of action, romance,
crime, music, drama and comedy associated to an awfully moralist
conclusion spoil what could have been a cult-movie. The music score is
sensational; Ansel Elgort and Lily James show great chemistry and
perform charismatic characters. But the unfortunately story is not good
and the characters are confused and not well developed, especially Doc.
In the hands of Quentin Quarentino, this storyline could have been
great with better screenplay and direction. My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "Em Ritmo de Fuga" ("In The Rhythm of the Runaway")


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERSThe trailer held great potential for this movie - smartly timed moves
to energetic music, explosive car chase scenes, a budding romance.The actual movie - worth one discounted movie ticket for viewing at the
theaters at most.Why?You start off with a catchy title 'Baby DRIVER' - so you'd think you'll
be seeing Fast & Furious-style chases and such throughout, just like
the trailer teases. Yet, the latter 1/2 of the movie is filled with
long, long scenes of Baby.... RUNNING?!?Then, add on all the lost potential - You can easily sing away to the
ending song of FF7, but here in Baby Driver, you can barely put
together a La La Land-like soundtrack. It's a total scramble of odd
songs from across genres that don't really fit together - more like the
ramblings of the director's mind - and what you get is nothing that
reaches as high as the very first bank robbery scene, which setup lots
of anticipation for it's timed wipers, etc.Tack on paper-thin characterization - the assembled 'team' is barely
interesting versus the FF team. Unmotivated and silly scenes.eg. Right, you go into a building to get weapons, hear a super long
blab about port cuts, and only get offered 9 weapons?! And instead of
picking the 'best', Jamie starts a shootout, picks up random weapons,
and blows the rest up?!? So -stupid- versus FF, where the team is
offered the best, and they build and take the best to offer the
audience a truly awesome race/fight scene later on. In Baby, it's an
aborted effort. Why offer the goods if you're just going to waste it
all?eg. So many scenes are merely Talk, Talk, Talk, Talk.... all in the
MIDDLE of an exciting fight/chase/etc. scene. Why, oh, why wasn't all
this cut?? And you end up with a miserable ending versus the 'enemy' at the end.
Baby steals one car, crashes it into the bad guy's car. Then, Baby gets
out, steals another in the parking lot, crashes it again into the bad
guy's car. Then, gets out.... you get the idea. Just how fast can one
kid get out of a car, break into another, jack it, and drive it into
the bad guy?! So unbelievable.... not only for the changing of cars,
but now it's become "Baby Car Crash" rather than "Baby Driver".Spacey dies in an equally lame way in the end - simply shot dead. Not
even uses the full potential of Baby here at all, who stands with his
girl looking all stupid at the men coming to shoot him dead instead of
'Running' so well like he did earlier in the movie. Why, Baby, Why
don't you RUN???? Because it's not a Driver movie anymore and you're
facing death. The movie does stick with you afterwards and you do wonder, what if the
fullest potential of the idea had been written into the movie? Imagine
if it had Top 10 hits, rocking cameos by top singers, FF-style car
chases, an amazing team fighting to escape the cops, etc. Yes, it would
have broken Wonder Woman records and become a cult legend. Instead, Baby Driver slowly deflates after the first bank robbery and
leaves everyone with a yawn at the end for the immature ending. (It's
also unbelievable how the the girl is characterized - every girl I've
talked to who watched it rolls her eyes at the unbelievable way she
'falls in love' all so suddenly.)You're also left with the tapes. Such unbelievable potential, wasted.
It could have had Spacey listen to the 'Mom' tape, setting up the
reason he protects Baby in the end and his life changes, realizing the
'love' he once had, but nope. Nothing done with it that would have
moved the viewers. 7/10 because it's unique enough to stick in your brain for a day or two
after. Otherwise, I'd rank it lower for the fragmented plot, weak
characterization of most of the characters, poor pacing, etc.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


lol disaster,There is music and there is noiseIt's that kind of film, where the bad guys know their music and their
madness, in that order. Sometimes they also talk about the music, but
none of the high-brow Quentin Tarantino kind of stuff .Just enough to
keep the wheels turning.



I hate to be the guy who gives 5/10 stars to everything that looks nice
but lacks in substance, but it would be tough to rate it any better or
any worse, so I'm truly stuck in the middle.I can certainly see why this movie has received praise from the
audience it's meant for, but as some other reviews here have remarked,
it's kind of a boring affair overall.I can't deny the soundtrack, though, which is more enjoyable to me than
the way Guardians of the Galaxy pt 2 seems to force its soundtrack in
our faces. The way the music is used is impressive and fits naturally
with events on screen, regardless of many of those events not being
engaging enough to keep me from daydreaming about my personal life
while the film plays on before me. The music hitting at the right time
was really the only thing ripping me out of my own thoughts and back
into the narrative.Those who are excited by car chases, sunglasses, trendy styles & simple
dialogue need apply. If you aren't into that stuff, then maybe the
music will save you too.5/10; will expect multiple sequels.



This is the glossiest, over-produced action film that I've seen in
ages. So cringe-worthy are some of the "music video" style moments
throughout the film, that I often came close to just giving up and
turning it off. Once one removes all the catchy ear/eye candy music moments, the action
film that's left is really nothing terribly entertaining or original.
However, on the bright side of things, Jamie Foxx needs to build a
career playing villains! He really stood out among a mostly tepid cast
(even Kevin Spacey seemed bored to be involved). Really, save your precious time and go back and re-watch some 70s caper
films. You'll be happier in the end.



The only thing I can say for sure about Baby Driver is that this movie
is highly overrated. It certainly doesn't deserve such a high rating as
it does now on here. It's an easy to watch action movie but not the
best one in this genre. The plot isn't difficult to understand and it
isn't that bad either but the characters are what brings this movie
down. Too much have-you-see-me characters just don't do any good to the
movie. I really doubt criminals and bank robbers would act like they do
before a heist. It would be for sure a disaster every time. Kevin
Spacey is the big name in Baby Driver but don't watch this movie to see
him in action. He did much better movies than this one. The rest of the
cast can clearly act but it's just their ridiculous characters that
makes this just an average action movie.



Everyone's gushing about how the music matched a few scenes and I mean
like.... Yeah? Welcome to movies, where sound is designed to match the
scenes.There wasn't anything amazing.Bad acting from the main character. Bad writing as well, he makes a lot
of stupid decisions which I suppose are the reason the story exists.
Lazy and unrealistic writing. No chemistry between him and his "love"
who are in love and run away after a date which entails going for
dinner and then ending. This girl must be lonely as hell despite being a good looking waitress.
She wants to leave her job and her friends behind for a man she doesn't
know at all, except that he's friends with some criminal elements...
And she's like hell yeah lets do this!OH and I assume she remains celibate for 5 years for him at a point. Again... They have had one date and barely any conversation, and no
nookie.Just a lot of terrible writing in this like that which bothered me. The
action and music scenes were okay. You can find much better looking at
any top-lists.



'Baby Driver' was probably the movie I was most looking forward to
seeing this year. The trailers looked awesome and with a director as
talented as Edgar Wright at the helm, my expectations were high.
Unfortunately, after a great start and a memorable opening sequence, it
gradually falls away. The film is so obsessed with its style and
appearance that it completely forgets to do what all movies are
supposed to - entertain.The plot is, in a word, rubbish. I can't believe Edgar Wright went from
thinking up something as brilliantly original as 'Shaun of the Dead'
and 'Hot Fuzz' to a generic car chase action flick like 'Baby Driver'.
If you take away the music, this film has already been done dozens of
times before. The main character is also remarkably uninteresting. I
don't know if the actor is to blame here, but 'Baby' spends 90% of the
film just standing there looking smug. I found the character boring and
a bad rip-off of Ryan Gosling's intriguing character in 'Drive'.


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         
