
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Don't even read the bad reviews! This was an action packed, Anthony
Hopkins was amazing, comedy mixed in, and great plot. Not sure why
anyone would have problems following the plot. If you're a fan of the
original cartoon and movie, then you'll love this one as well! There was a little more foul language than the others, but mainly just
the word S##t.



Im Very Love Transfomers Franchise,Epic CGI,Epic A historical
narrative,Epic Story,Epic Actcion Scenes,Always me satisfy Optimus
Prime,bumblebee character, im very very love michael bay films so..im
very very recommended this movie, maybe Epic cinematic experience it
you. im very very funny so far!



This film is all over the place - whoever concocted the alleged story
must have been as the magician merlin was portrayed in this mess -
permanently sozzled! It made absolutely no sense whatsoever! I can only
assume everyone involved was paid barrow fulls of money - because
surely thats the only justification any of them had for associating
themselves with such rubbish? poor old Sir Ant Hopkins: has he really
fallen on such hard times?



I don't get it what the hell is wrong with everybody...it was such as
awesome movie. From part 1 to 5 I have never seen any good ratings for
TRANSFORMERS series.. (except past 4 for which I do agree that it was
not that awesome but it was good thought) but If we talk about this
current part. This is the most awesome of all. I couldn't take my eyes
of the screen for even a sec. It consist of awesome story awesome
acting and freaking awesome CGI If u are the true transformer fan and
love all the movies I can guarantee that YOU WON'T GET DISAPPOINTED Nd
don't miss this great movies just because of critic. Just go and watch
you will thank me later...



In my personal opinion this was the best movie I've watched in 2017. It
was a little bit different but the best in the series so far. I must
admit that I was overwhelmed with tears of excitement and shivers down
my spine almost every time Optimus said something. If you are a science
fiction guy, this is a must watch for you. Certainly 10/10 from me.



This is by far the least obnoxious of all the transformer movies. Those
who are critical of the story line just make me laugh my butt off-- how
is the story supposed to be better??? LOL. It is a movie about alien
machines coming to earth, per usual, but this time they tied it into
the King Arthur legend. This brought a very earthy, human feel to the
movie which was refreshing and gave this particular transformers movie
a breath of new life. So for those who just criticize movies to make
themselves feel better, GET A LIFE.From an action standpoint this movie is just phenomenal-- they have
really perfected the action sequences by slowing down "transformations"
which really allows the viewer to soak in the "alien technology" and
the spectacular CGI.This movie is fine-- people need to alter their expectations before
they go into the theater expecting an Oscar nominee experience-- this
is TRANSFORMERS, lol, and it blew me away.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


OK...so there are a lot of people that give bad reviews just because
it's Michael Bay, so I hope this review helps you. This is the kind of
movie that it takes a lot to understand the story because it's a bit
rushed, in some scene you will wonder "how *swear word*did that get
here or what the f**k happened last 5 minutes"...so like I said the
story is messy, but to be honest I didn't went to see transformers for
the story, because let's be honest...we don't go to transformers for
the story...we go for the effects, for big explosion, for robots
fighting robots...this movie has plenty of colorful effects, it's
marvelous...on the big screen, it looks amazing...it's one of the few
3d films that had good amount of effects and I saw clearly with the 3d
glasses on. Michael Bay also incorporated good humor in the movies,
which I personally quite like. So if you are the kind of person that
wants to see story and criticize every aspect of it, this movie isn't
for you...however, if u are the kind of human being that enjoy big
explosion, a lot of action this IS for you. I advise you to go see it
in cinemas also, because as I said before it looks astonishing on the
big screen.



I have to be fair, this movie isn't good enough to justify a 10. But
people need to get off their high horses and judge these movies fairly.
It's a movie about robots that transform into cars based on a cartoon
from the 80's that originally existed only to sell action figures. You
have to take the stick out of your butt and appreciate it for what it
is. This movie delivers exactly what it promises: nonstop action and
fun.My biggest critique is that the middle of the movie dragged on a little
bit longer than it needed to. There really is not much to complain
about beyond that.It was epic, fun, visually appealing, and it tied things together well.
It didn't feel as detached from the rest of the franchise as the fourth
one did. Also, John Goodman as Hound was absolutely fantastic, as he
was in the previous installment.Watch this movie with an open mind, don't seek to pick it apart for
every little thing, and enjoy the ride.



Why the part 5 has worse rating than part 4????? Don't listen to
negative people complained about the film! The Last Knight is definitely better than Age of Exinction! More
actions! More interest happens! More explosives! Bigger occurrences!
That why I agreed with other users who wrote great reviews about The
Last Knight.



If you like Transformers movies 1,2,3,4 then you will love this one !.
I will never understand that so many people hate this movie so much. I
think this is one of the best Transformers movie. I love acting I love
humor I love CGI special effects and all action scenes. I love the
story.I think this 5th Transformers got the best story so far.


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


PLEASE READ FOR TRUE REVIEW We've all been waiting for it and here it
is in all it's glory, TRANSFORMERS THE LAST KNIGHT. First off i would
like to point out that some of these critics like to pull apart every
detail and show it as not close to perfect but newsflash Michael Bay
does not make Transformer movies to be critically acclaimed and they
are not put up for Academy Award winning for story. And from what
you've been hearing from all the YouTube channels and big brand reviews
that say TF5 is a downright horrid and awful movie you may be thinking
that you might not want to spend your hard earned money to see the film
and here is where I am going to tell you different. Yes, some might
think I'm crazy but think about it, the YouTube channel reviews and
critics from newspapers and what not only represent a small number of
people who dislike the movies and go into the film before seeing it
thinking it will be bad because of Michael Bay. THEY ARE DEAD WRONG!!
This movie is exciting and shows great honor among characters with an
interesting plot where in small places got me confused but mostly I was
able to figure it out. The visual arts of the transformers and the
voice acting was spot on as always and contributed to the IMAX
experience making you feel there and kept you right in the action
without a dull moment but good breaks to keep from nonstop action which
would eventually bore the viewer. The acting was spot on and had great
one liners at times which didn't feel forced contrary to what some will
say. Although there are a few minor plot holes and misrepresentations
from the trailers(Izabella having a large roll) the film kept me
excited and interested with a smile on my face the whole time.



I have been seeing so much hate on this movie and decided to just put
out my own personal opinion. I won't be spoiling the story, don't
worry.This film, compared the others, is quite different. Watching this
didn't but also did feel like a Bay movie. Your usual explosions and
cheesy humor. But this, this wasn't different in a BAD way. This one
actually had a GOOD story. Nothing being spoiled, again, but it isn't a
bad one like in the past. The robots actually transform and get a ton
more screen time, coupled with a lot of action. The jokes actually got
a laugh out of me and the audience as well, unless it's just that we
have an odd sense of humor. They cut down on screen time, although it
does feel a little long, and I do feel some scenes could have been cut,
but that's okay. Although I'll admit the movie is a bit too fast paced
for me, it was good, and fun to see. Robot action eye candy as usual.Most complain about the film being messy and the story! Again, the
story is much better than the previous ones. You can go into a theater
and expect a better one than the previous films. So although The Last Knight was not my favorite, it's a good movie and
recommend it. Don't have way too high expectations though. Personally,
as a longtime fan of Transformers, I really like the movies.So, 8/10 from me. I watched this in IMAX 3D, so if you want exactly
what I had experienced, then watch it that way. I think this movie has
gathered too much hate as deserves better. Food for thought: Don't base
your opinion off of other opinions, especially at Rotten Tomatoes. I
tell you this only because I watched a review that was mostly hate to
this and ruined my excitement, but truly enjoyed it. Please form your
own opinion, and don't hate on it for ridiculous reasons (like the not
accurate to original source...new is good! Redoing something in the
past isn't fun unless it's a remake, and the movie franchise isn't what
that is; it's Bay's own take on the Transformers.



The transformers movies are known for being hated. Me I personally
think these movies are just fun. That's why we watch them, not for an
outstanding Oscar worthy film. I know I am in the minority that I love
Age of extinction. So I was pretty excited to see this film. The Last
Knight is probably the best since the first! It fixes most of the
problems people complain about. The racial stereotypes are lowered by a
lot. There is no juvenile humor like the last 4 movies have. There are
a lot of less explosions which is definitely a plus. And lastly, don't
listen to these critics saying it's the "same movie every time". I
really loved the different direction they took the last Knight in. Mark
Wahlberg I love, he gives a great performance and has a great
character. All the characters were really likable. And the plot, while
convoluted, is still very interesting and well written. Like all
transformers movies, the CGI and action is fantastic and pure fun. If
you like these movies, your going to have a lot fun watching it.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

I honestly had a lot of fun with this movie, even if I know it is bad:
I liked some of the characters that were introduced in the England
scenes, like Sir Edmund Burton (Anthony Hopkins), Cogman (Jim Carter)
and Hot Rod (Omar Sy), even if this last one didn't have much screen
time. I thought the action was fun, not good, just fun and I honestly
liked the story, the CGI is some of the best in the last 10 years, the
music was simply amazing, Steve Jablonsy never disappoints ,the acting
was almost decent from everyone except Mark Wahlberg and the fact that
this movie was shorter than the last 3 is surely a good thing. Talking
about the things I didn't like, the directing was bad, the dialogues
and most of the jokes were awful, and the main characters were boring,
even The Transformers themselves were in the movie for maximum 5
minutes (excluding Bumblebee, Optimus, Cogman and maybe Hot Rod). The
Editing in the London chase was painful to look at and there were not a
lot of long fights between robots, in fact there were 2. Anyways I kind
of liked this movie, it's not even as good as the first one, but it was
a fun summer blockbuster for me.



it's a better transformers movie than the last 2 transformers movie.
although it's more like independence day movie, since there are more
American soldier fighting alien than the transformers it self. But i
guess the cast and the script are better and i like Mark Wahlberg
become the main role on this movie.



I wonder how could the film makers sat down, watched this movie,
smiled, and patted others' backs, saying, "We have done a good job."Give me a break, men!The plot is a tangled mess. The reason for these alien robots coming to
earth is inconsistent between each Transformers movies.The chemistry between the characters is laughable and too forced. The
way way they tried to match the professor, a super smart and loaded
main girl with our dirt poor and jobless protagonist made me facepalm.
Oh, he's a fugitive too, mind you. It's just too unbelievable. No sane
girl would fall for this guy the way she is.It has never made any sense too why the humans treated the autobots
awfully, even though they should have known already that they
definitely need their help to protect earth. Unless the majority of
humans in this movie are simply too foolish.Animation wise, it was very disappointing too. Early movies allow us to
see cool transformation of humanoid robots to expensive cars / tanks /
jet fighters / etc; but this movie don't have these. The
transformations are hardly shown in detail. It's just Bang, Bang, Boom,
Boom, Kyaaa; lots of noise and explosions with no value. Nobody died
too in the midst of all that mess. Can you believe it?Don't waste your money on this movie.



I have sort of enjoyed all the previous installments in the
Transformers saga. I'll admit it's part nostalgia for me, but it has
also been a nice set of Blockbuster-movies with great special effects,
big robots and good action scenes.I would say the movies have been getting progressively worse throughout
the series, I'll also admit that the addition of Mark Wahlberg didn't
really help my opinion. But there has been a certain floor as to how
crappy the comic relief has been, how jumbled the story was allowed to
become, how much suspension of disbelief they allowed when it came to
physics and worldly constraints (still allowing of course for the fact
that it's a SF-movie).In this movie though, screen-writing and continuity has been thrown out
the window. The story is completely disjointed with no proper time-
line and no real coherence. There are some decent concepts and a few
funny characters, it's not a boring movie as such although it's at
least 30 minutes too long. Without giving any spoilers, all these
movies have felt a bit like they are repeating themselves, and this is
no exception. I hope that this is the final installment to be honest,
this movie series has survived itself.



I loved these movies, so i was super excited to hear another was being
released. Even after the slight disappointment of the last movie, i
still wanted to see this one. I was hugely disappointed and failed for
me in so many ways.#1 - It's supposed to be about the robots - not in this movie for me.
It was all about Mark Wahlberg & Anthony Hopkins. I LOVE Anthony
Hopkins, but Mark Wahlberg is one of my least favourite "actors". I
wanted to see more of the Autobots & Deceptacins in battle. I felt like
the last hour of the movie was the only necessary part to this sleeper
of a movie. FYI, i fell asleep 3x trying to watch this movie in 2
nights.#2 - The story for me was all over the place. Nothing kept me
interested or intrigued. Not much of it made sense to me with all the
back & forth - no clarity until the last hour. Too many explosions and
not enough depth to the plot to keep me interested or hooked. Cheesy
writing and surprisingly so with the team of writers that have brought
some great writing & movies to Hollywood.#4 - Horrible casting with Mark Wahlberg. His daughters character & her
boyfriend were missing. He had no on screen chemistry with his
co-stars. The music made this movie for me. Steve Jablonsky delivers once again
with genius scores & compositions. Take that away from the movie and
you are left with Mark Wahlberg and his cheesy acting.If Michael Bay's idea of a "reboot" with Mark Wahlberg, he failed big
time! Shia LaBoeuf and cast were a fantastic ensemble with a lot of on
screen chemistry with each other and fit into the plots so effortlessly
as if the movie was written for them. I didn't feel that way at all
with The Last Knight. I was anxiously waiting for the movie to end. For
me the first 2 movies were the best the 3rd OK and then it went
downhill from there.Save your money & your time. Just watch the preview because not much
else will make sense or draw you in.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


This movie was far better then Transformers 2 and 3 and the last one.I went in with low expectation just like i did with the last resident
evil and both movies where entertaining.To enjoy this one i guess you need to take it like a separate and stand
alone movie not related to the others.The Knight story is very good, there are new robots that are pretty
cool, the action is great.I don't understand the hate i know that lots of people wish there would
have been only one transformer movie, i am one of them the first one
was new and amazing..... everything fell a part in the second one where
long periods of nothing happening dragged you down. I usually watch
movies more then once but never bothered to finish transformers 2 and
barely finished 3.This one is a lot more entertaining in every way.



Continuing Michael Bay's journey through loud, mindless metal-on- metal
action monstrosity is the fifth installment of the financially
successful Transformers franchise, a series that has brought out both
the best and worst of Bay. The movie, rumored to be Bay's last stint
with the series, is charged with just about everything you would expect
from a follow-up on the franchise: loud, extended sequences of heavy
special-effects action, brain-dead dialogue, and Bay's signature style
of bombast clouding over development of characters and plot. The
difference? It is more inane than ever. This film shows the director
reaching the breaking point where a long haul of bombastic robot vs.
robot action has grown soul- crushingly dull and the franchise has long
run empty on even remotely fresh ideas. It is a sad misfortune that
only renders its overlong 154-minute runtime exhausting before it even
reaches it halfway point. So what is the story here? Roughly the same
as before. Planet Cybertron has left in ruins, Optimus Prime (voiced by
Peter Cullen) is imprisoned, and the autobots and decepticons are still
at war that threatens to ravage mankind. It is up to the now- fugitive
Cade Yeager (played by Mark Wahlberg) to band together with Bumblebee
in a battle to defeat the decepticons before they wipe out the human
race as we know it. Joining him in battle is 14-year old street girl
Izabella (played by Isabella Moner) and Oxford University professor
Vivian Wembley (played by Laura Haddock) hired by Sir Edmund Burton
(played by Anthony Hopkins) as they set out to find a mysterious
artifact from the Medieval times that is capable to bringing an end to
ongoing war between the autobots and the decepticons.Bloated, messy, and lacking in coherency, this fifth installment scores
for a solid demonstration why showering in an endless mound of
explosions and grand-scale destruction simply isn't enough to
compensate for such a sloppy mess of a script. For a film dedicating
its lengthy runtime to giant robotic monsters clashing head-to-head in
a noisy frolic, it feels awfully dull. But the question is: who's the
blame for the severe shortage of fun that ensues. Would it be the lack
of charisma from both the actors and the autobots, or Michael Bay's
extravagant style of action triumphing over the plot that barely makes
a lick of sense? Putting the blame on both would not unreasonable.
After all, they both make up a vast portion of what this big-budget
bomb represents. Sure, a few of the action scenes showing the giant
robots clashing in heavy metal-crunching frenzy as debris splashes on
the ground are fun to sit through, but quickly grow exhausting after
awhile. The story following the ongoing war between the autobots and
decepticons has grown increasingly dull, and the premise showcasing the
robots involvement in the age of King Arthur barely adds any steam to
the already convoluted plot. As for the cast, it most certainly doesn't
help that everyone is left adrift with dialogue that shows how
desperate Michael Bay is to make us laugh. It's all just one unfunny
one-liner after another. If there is any moment of laughter, one may
give that credit to a scene of Mark Wahlberg yelling and scolding at
the minibots. Everything else is just an eye-rolling attempt at comedy,
ones that make racy innuendos from the previous films sound funny. Even
worse, what is Anthony Hopkins doing here? With such laughable dialogue
he is given, it is hard to believe why he would commit to this role
other than to land a paycheck. If you are looking for actors giving
grounded performances, you most certainly are not gonna those here. Transformers: The Last Knight is a loud, bombastic science-fiction
fiasco that finds itself drowning in a sea of mindlessness and shows
Michael Bay slogging to an all-time low. The film is a sour excuse of a
summer blockbuster to shows the franchise is long past its retirement
point. Unfortunately, the end implies evidence that there is still more
coming. One can only hope that the next entry isn't just more of the
same. But how can revive a franchise that has gone empty on ideas?



this movie is amazing, so many epic moments in it the action was so
good, at some points the acting was off tho but it was very very rare,
the goosebumps were there, Michael Bay did an excellent job once again,
cant wait for the next transformers movie, for me Mark did good acting
and all the Transformer movies are pretty epic. i do not know why there
are so many negatives reviews about such an amazing film.



The movie is made by a teenage writer who cannot even write
conversations natural, read part of DaVinci Code, part of Arthur, and
watched a Star War movie. Putting everything together without logic,
this is what the movie is. Oh, by the way, his knowledge about physics
never go beyond what his parents told him in kindergarten.There are more than enough critics on plot and poorly told stories; I'm
not going to repeat. But I have to point one character: the Old Man.
Who cares what his name is (I didn't get it AT ALL) I don't know what
kind of personality Michael Bay want to create. What I saw was a rude,
uneducated, changing man with a lot of money. It was so awkward while
he dump the famous names into my ears and declared that all those
people tried to keep that stupid secret. I don't know what he said "I
can't go with you" because he eventually was there, and...just died
there.After 10 min, the only though I had was to see how bad the movie can
be. YKW, it's just worse than I thought.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


In my opinion Michael Bay improved with The Last Knight. I thoroughly
enjoyed watching this installment.I left a review on Age of Extinction where I said that "I couldn't see
how The Last Knight would be any better, but maybe I'm wrong" and in
saying I might be wrong; I was right. The Last Knight was so much
better than Age of Extinction. I enjoyed learning the history behind it
all and found it quite fascinating. Plus we finally got to hear Bee's
real voice!


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Hi guys, i'm writing this review after a ton of bad reviews in here,
usually i check the reviews before i go seeing the movie in cinema and
i was shocked of the bad critics and reviews and how crap is this movie
and it doesn't even worth paying the cinema ticket.Despite all of this i went to the cinema yesterday with my wife and we
had a great night watching in my opinion the best movie in the
franchise in every thing: The story was amazing a little long at the
beginning but the action later on will rock you and the 3D experience
was outstanding.The CGI and Visual effects were fantastic tons of action, explosions
and fun( Michael Bay's style is the best no one can deny).I'm writing this review to deliver a message, don't believe any bad
critics written here, go by your self and see it.This movie deserves a 10 stars for sure.Fared



I'm not sure what people are expecting from the Transformers franchise.
I expect... Massive CGI battles. Smokin' hot eye candy (cars). Half decent comedy.
A palatable story/plot. A pretty female lead to look at. Slow motion
cuts of our military prepping for battle. And finally that it's at
least 140+ minutes, I want my money's worth.Notice how I didn't put, Oscar worthy acting or reality based plot.
That is not why I go to see this type of movie, so don't expect that. I
want amazing sound effects, insane CGI detail with explosions and
destruction!Unless you pull a complete direction change like Logan (2017) in the
Wolverine franchise, there is no reason for changing the formula here.Bottom line, it comes down to one question when I'm evaluating or asked
my opinion about a movie... Would I watch it again, and I will be
definitely be watching this movie more than once.



The people who liked only Pain and gain from Michael Bay. Don't listen
to them. And yes the plot is thin. But it has got it's own perks. It's
should be watched in IMAX only. What a visual extravaganza this movie
was I cannot express by words. But if you don't like the franchise
don't go for the movie and don't write how "I-LIKED-PAIN-AND-GAIN".
This movie is for people who goes to theater for fun, live the feature
and just don't give a damn about social message and all. It was always
and is and will be fun to watch Transformers as long as Michael Bay is
there. Don't get fooled by "PAIN AND GAIN" lovers' reviews.Go for it and have fun.



Took my 15 year old son to this film, It was very action packed,
fantastic story, fantastic mythology, fantastic FX.Kept you in suspense and waiting to see what happens next.My son could not stop talking about the movie.Great Film and a Must Watch



It's so ridiculous to see that most people still go to cinemas watching
a Transformers movie expecting a decent plot and characterizations.....
I've given that up since the second movie. These movies have always
been about explosions and big robots beating the crap out of each
other, and this movie excels at it. Since this is a Michael Bay movie,
it's gonna get blasted by critics (And many people) anyway. The third
act's probably the best since Dark of the Moon, and the visuals are as
good as you can get (Its special effect is much much better than the
overrated Fast and Furious franchise). As always, the main problems are the humans, the plot, and the
dialogues. But hey, like I said, I never went to the cinema watching a
Transformers movie expecting any of those points to be good. Explosions
and Robot fights are satisfying enough for me. We've had (Beauty and
the Beast, GotG 2, Wonder Woman) and will have many other potentially
good blockbusters with good story line and decent characters (War for
the Planet of the Apes, Spider-Man: Homecoming, Despicable Me 3,
Dunkirk, Star Wars, Thor 3, etc.). For now, let's enjoy the junk food
Michael Bay has served us



Loved it! Ignore what the critics say. I like how the story line has
retrospective parallels to the original 1980's movie and TV series for
us older fans who have been around since the Transformers began. I
appreciate the writers, directors, and producers who understand the
context of the original Transformers story line and characters and are
remaining loyal to it for us long term fans. Star Wars or Star Trek
fans would be turned off if those story lines deviated far from the
original story line and characters. The writers have maintained the
same continuity for Transformers. The critics have no context of the
original Transformers story and toy line from the 1980s. Kids will
enjoy the action, characters, and special effects that match the toy
line.



I've already called out the critics in my previous reviews for
unnecessarily bashing the series, so I will not repeat my words here.
My stance on the matter still stands, and I'd like to see the critics
try and make a better movie themselves.Now, to the movie. Loved it. Simply loved it. Although I've never had a
problem with any of the movies, it is still great to see Micheal Bay's
(reportedly) last directorial effort taking into account (mostly) all
of what bugged the critics before. Robots parts flinging around while
they are fighting and can't make sense of the action - corrected. No
human element - corrected. I could go on, but you get my point.Also worth noting that it is truly IMAX-worthy, and no other screen
would do it justice. Just the sheer scale of things is enough to keep
you satisfied during its run-time, especially the final battle scene.Micheal Bay has yet again proved that he is a worthy filmmaker and has
churned out yet another summer blockbuster, which wastes no time diving
into the action from the first shot.I urge all of you to go watch this summer popcorn entertainment, and
have your minds blown.



I'm glad to find Anthony Hopkins in this film, Victoria Bay and Monster
Mansion! However, this movie franchise, Transformer was originally created from
King Kong series that features mechanic King Kong versus King Kong. It
was a work of cinematic renovation not innovation! You should not
ignore the origin of this renewed franchise! All least Chinese title
has audiences to think it in this way. UK knights and transformers save the earth from evil transformers who
seek reviving evil death star. I'm sorry this plot is not acceptable
for me. It is a historical racism that hidden in this hero story.
Instead, Seven Samurai is not OK for saving the earth from evil
transformers? I thins it is quite sad that it also heavily depends on CG, computer
animations and its relative VFX.Filmmaking should be more accessible for anyone in the society. It is a
device for the working class movement not only for prestigious guilds. What I remember is Anthony Hopkins's brilliant acting! 5 out of 10!


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

I am a big fan of transformers franchise so just want this review to be
short and concise.Spoiler Alert - It's a $200million worth piece of sh*t.IMDb, please let us use some words like 'sh*t' for movies like this,
replacing the alphabets with * does not do justice to review.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


"Transformers: The Last Knight," the dreaded fifth movie in the 
Transformers series is supposedly the last to be directed by Michael 
Bay and the last to star Mark Wahlberg. Wahlberg plays his character 
Cade from the previous one. The "attempt" at a plot for this movie goes 
something like this: Cade comes into possession of an ancient 
Transformers artifact called the Talisman and he is the "chosen one" to 
carry out a "quest" for the transformers, while this chick named Vivian 
has to acquire Merlin's "staff" because for some reason she is the 
"only one who can wield it" and Optimus Prime heads to Cybertron to 
find out "where he and the transformers came from and what they're 
doing on earth." THAT'S this movie's plot. Lol this movie thinks it has 
a plot. 

This movie is completely incapable of telling a cohesive story. There 
is no beginning, middle, or end. It throws plot threads at you and 
expects you to roll with them. The most illogical plot devices occur in 
this movie. NOTHING makes any sense. It is so convoluted that the movie 
thinks the audience are idiots. How many times was I reminded of what 
the plot was throughout the entirety of this atrocity? I counted at 
least 32. Nothing of importance happens. Nothing is interesting, 
nothing is entertaining. 

The characters are so thinly written and poorly developed I didn't care 
who lived and who died. At this point in the series, I DON'T CARE ABOUT 
THE DAMN HUMANS! Just give us a movie about Transformers, not about 
humans. None of them are likable AT ALL. Everything involving the 
military, the government, Anthony Hopkins, it's all pointless! The 
movie spends so much time and energy on all the stuff everyone 
complains about with these movies that none of it comes across as not 
appealing, but rather annoying. It's an insult to our intelligence. 

The action scenes are the same lazy action scenes the other four 
Transformers movies feature. It's stuff that appeals only to teenagers 
who do not know how a movie is crafted. Teenagers like action and 
explosions and no talking, story, characters, or emotion. This movie 
appeals to those teenagers. There I said it again. Watching stuff just 
blow up and blow up and blow up and blow up and blow up and blow up 
continuously for two and half hours is extremely boring, especially 
since it's the only thing that has happened for five Transformers 
movies in a row. There is no entertainment value to be had just 
watching stuff blow up for a bloated and overlong runtime.

And yes, the runtime is too long, YET AGAIN. Luckily, it is shorter 
than the fourth one which was a very drab and dreary two hours and 
forty-five minutes. This is about fifteen minutes shorter, but it 
easily could have been an hour shorter. Nothing content wise justifies 
the runtime of this monstrosity. It's still overstuffed, overlong, 
dreary, boring, and exhausting, just like the previous three. I'll give 
the first one a pass since I actually enjoy the first one. 

This has all the Bay-isms in it. The typical stereotypes, the typical 
humor, and the typical dialogue, all of which is stupid, offensive, and 
insulting. S many characters are made fun of in this movie for being 
different or having different accents you thoroughly understand why 
NOBDOY LIKES MICHAEL BAY. He is racist, sexist, and doesn't care about 
the audience. He cares only about himself and no one else. It shows.

The two girls in this movie, in typical Michael Bay fashion, are all 
hotted out. The young girl is like 14. In what world is this right? Her 
tits just hang out the entire movie. The other chick just looks like a 
porn star. That's what this series has come down to folks, strippers 
and porn stars!

Optimus Prime is literally in the movie for ten minutes to just say his 
name three times so that we don't forget about him and who he is and 
completely forget that this movie gives him the most sudden shift in 
character motivation I have ever seen, more sudden than Batman in 
Batman V Superman. If you came to see him wreck house, he is a total 
waste in this movie. Quite frankly, none of the Transformers really don 
anything in this movie. They all just kind of hang out and chill and 
insult each other with stereotypes.

This is one of the worst of the year. I felt like I lost IQ points 
watching this movie. It is a loud, dumb, idiotic, incoherent, chaotic, 
soulless mess that appeals only to teenagers who like nothing but 
action and explosions and die hard fans of the series. It is worse than 
Age of Extinction. 

I'm just gonna give "Transformers: The Last Knight" an F-. Yes that is 
now officially a grade.




                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

I actually liked this movie it's far far better than the previous one ,
i don't know why it's getting bad reviews, i liked the movie , the
story line was good , camera work awesome , 3d very impressive , even
though it's a lengthy movie i did not get bored , i would love to see
more transformers movies like this , do give it a watch



First, it's an action movie, that wants to say the plot of this movie
is predictable. Then, you have to see IMAX 3D so that you could enjoy
the maximum because the film is running IMAX 3D. So if you like drama
etc, do not expect this movie. On the other hand, if you like spacious
effects and Michael bay, this is the most dazzling action and high tech
presentation you could ever see. 5 star for visual effects, 4 for
movie. Go check it out!



a proper summer blockbuster explains how brilliant this movie is it's
the best one out of the previous ones because ehren Kruger ruined them
ones so I think is the best by far I like the evil Optimus prime and
bumblebee fight and the medieval part and everything about it is
fantastic



This latest installment is part of the action packed Transformers
series that I love because of the captivating work of the transformers'
team. Seeing it in IMAX is even more mind-blowing. As well as the great
cinematography, this film has hyper-realistic imagery that makes it ten
times better. This film has many great things in it, but a big problem I have with it
is that it has too many things happening. By that, I mean there are new
characters, lots of transformers, lots of different story lines and
multiple things happening at the saime time. These are all great, but
there is a limit to how many things can be in a movie. This film isn't
quite over the top, but close. Some of the new characters include Izabella (Isabela Moner), a young
girl who is interested in transformers and quite skilled with
machinery, Vivian (Laura Haddock) an teacher from England who has a
large role in saving the world. Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg) is also in
this film as a returning character. He was in the fourth movie, Age of
Extinction.This film has an interesting storyline and is fun and cool. An
interesting name twist occurs when a main character, Optimus Prime
becomes Nemisis Prime when he is evil. Nemesis Prime is the leader of
the auto-bots, a good group of transformers. The strategy of turning a
good guy bad is a great strategy to attract viewers of the film. This movie does a cool, sneak-peek into history. It talks about
medieval times and the knights of the round table. That is a primary
plot which explains why this movie is called The Last Knight. It is
cool to incorporate history into the film as it adds a little extra
something to it. For example, in the first film, there is a cool kind
of conspiracy part which I won't describe because it would be a
spoiler. It is well acted and well executed with beautiful special
effects and nearly non-stop action. You don't really have a chance to
reflect on what or why this crazy and confusing story bounces around
from one country to another, landing deep in the ocean and then
suddenly reappearing at Stonehenge, England. Even though it's hard to
know who is shooting at whom or for what reason, somehow it's still
enjoyable to watch and even gripping at times. Overall, this is a great film. It is cool, fun and has a lot to it,
even if it may be a little too much. I recommend this film for ages 9
to 18. There are some adult jokes and violence, but they are not too
bad. I give it 5 out of 5 stars. Reviewed by Nathaniel B., KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.



Enjoyed watching. Worth watching twice or thrice also.Micheal Bay should continue making Transformers Films. Only he can make
this kind films and especially Transformer.I wish to see Transformers film in future in his Direction.He is one of his kind in direction. i liked almost all of his movies.
In this franchise one or two movies are good. Remaining 3 are
Superb(Transformers 1,3,5).



What a joyful ride! I had an awesome time at the cinema and I actually
want to go again, this time for the 3D! If you're a fan of the
Transformers do not hesitate for a second to go see it. What others
might think is not what everyone should think and there's never a
"right" or "wrong" opinion. Enjoy!



This film sums it all up, as well as the great action scene and a story
to suit. They introduced a new characters and gave a better story about
Cybertron. Hard to get into much more detail with out spoilers the
movie has a good sense of comedy highly recommend this film to anyone.The scene at the end of the movie will get you puzzled and wanting
more!



I love the series and this was a great one to finish it with.I think Michael Bay gets way too much flack from people who have lost
the ability to just go in and enjoy a movie for what it is made to do
entertain. In this day and age people go in looking for plot holes or
mistakes or this and that. I have one thing in mind when I see a movie
by the end did it entertain me or not. I mean movies like this are
fiction films, plot holes, things that cannot happen in reality is what
is going to happen it is a fictional movie. So many people think they
are the gods of film making and know everything and tell you how every
film should be made, when they have not done a thing in regards to
making a movie in their lives but think they know it all.For me I wish the Bad Prime had lasted a bit longer as I am a huge
Optimus fan, I wanted to see how that might go. At the same time though
he is a hero from my childhood so of course I want him to be the hero.
The movie itself was great though full of action and sci-fi as it
should be and we left thinking man we could go back in and see this
again.If you're looking for a fun summer movie that you can sit back and
enjoy, and your a fan of action and sci-fi then this is what you want
to see.Great film I enjoyed it.



This is a brilliantly well written movie. The movie itself is a
transformer, in that it is really two very different movies rolled into
one and it switches between its two forms. In one form, it is a regular
big budget action sci-fi movie, true to its franchise. In the other
form, it is a scathing critique of recent social and political
environment.Transformers: Last Knight at its heart is a piece of art voicing out
against the racism and bigotry that is increasingly enveloping the
world in recent times. Like scathing satire in the past, which
disguised itself in allegories with animals, Transformers does so with
Transformers. Like George Orwell's Animal Farm disguised a bitter
review of Communism in USSR, this movie disguises a bitter review of
Capitalism + Neo-Fascism in USA.The movie could well be split into two acts, where the first act is the
allegory and the second act is the regular sci-fi pop-corn munching
movie. Act I: There are numerous social-political issues touched upon in this
movie: the immigrant problem, ghettos, surveillance state, NSA, police
brutality with racial bias, violation of civil liberties and rights of
citizens, abuse of power in the name of anti-terrorism, new-world
order, reneging on promise to 'friends' and 'supporters', misuse of
'support of international community' when it is really just a few
imperialistic political entities, etc.The movie also touches on the topic of self-promotion propaganda by the
Great Great Britain, which is Great. The perception of Americans as
intellectually inferior. Did I remember to mention Great Britain is
truly Great?! The movie also mentions how history began with England,
(just after the Roman empire left), which is poking fun at how this
narrative underlies the vast majority of mainstream mindset. Its
hilarious to see the extent to which the explanation is crafted to give
the totally pointless Stonehenge some meaning, finally! The movie also
hints at the perception of American men as philanderers in British
minds (probably a left-over from WW2 days, when a lot of American
service men were stationed in England). It also credits the
Transformers and the great American+English soldiers for 'turning the
tide of WW2'. I guess those 27 million dead Russians and Battle of
Stalingard can go suck it!If the movie ended with Act 1, I would give it a 10/10, but its
aggregate rating would be 2-3! People don't like scathing allegorical
satire, because they don't understand it. I wonder if it would be
better if the movie disguised its critique less? The far- left liberals
would cheer it, the far-right conservatives would also cheer it (since
they would not understand they are being insulted and a lot of white
people in the movie are exercising their second amendment rights). It
is only the politically centrist who would dislike the movie as too
preachy!Act 2: In the second act, the movie descends from its stratospheric
heights of witty writing to regular movie fare. The movie has a good
mix of action scenes with thrilling moments. The usual Deus Ex Machina
makes a cameo. Even a JPL scientist using 'physics and maths' has his
15 seconds of fame. Some global landmarks are destroyed, a staple of
invading aliens. In the end, a lot is owed to a few. Thanks to the
insipid Act 2, the aggregate movie rating goes up to 5.5.Conclusion: Watch this movie from the start if you like allegorical
critique, otherwise skip the first hour if you don't. One of the jailed
Decepticons on release is saying 'free at last, thank Megatron, free at
last' parodying famous quote of Martin Luther King. Oh boy! this movie
isn't pulling any punches on its sarcasm of social issues, is it!



As someone who has not seen the cartoons, things like Unicron, etc. are
lost to me. I like seeing the different upgrades for the Autobots and
the new ones they have in the current movies. Kids today may have not
seen the cartoon and only know the cool toys that change into things
from the movies. For someone who doesn't know much about Transformers,
the movies are the best thing in the world because there is nothing to
compare it to. The creators of the Transformers? I would not be able to
give an answer because I did not know there was one until the
movies,but someone like my husband knows because he has seen the
cartoons. I do not know if Optimus becomes bad in the cartoons. These
movies are for people who just want entertainment and do not really
know about Transformers. Reviews are saying it is the same thing over
and over again, but when thinking about the few episodes I saw of the
cartoon, it was pretty much the same. Autobots battle Decepticons on
Earth and humans get caught in middle, just add in different characters
in the episode. In the movies, there are objects that are found from
Cybertron and they battle for usage of it. The people who write badly
about it should take it for what it is worth:FUN


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

You critics are so cynical. Great movie, action packed, little things
you didn't see coming. Bay does it again and Transformers once again
ROCKS. For you lush out there, enjoy something instead of always
tearing it down - or better yet, you do better.GREAT MOVIE!



As a big fan of Transformer series and M. Bay I had really big
standards for this movie, and it went far beyond. Perfect follow up to
the last one. Visuals are great, soundtrack also , maybe one thing that
could be better are actors. Overall it was great experience, especially
in 4D.



This movie was great. How is this the lowest rated transformers film.
This was better than Revenge Of The Fallen. The story was great and the
fight scenes were very cool to watch. Me and my friends saw it and we
all loved it. Great Movie. Ignore the critics. It is a good movie.It answered a lot of questions we needed to be solved but not all of
them. Go Watch This Movie you will not regret it.



Please, I won't spoil the movie for you but without a bit of background
before the movie, it would not have made sense. So don't listen to
these people who have no sense of what a great movie is. You know how
sometimes a sequel is not as good as the first movie well, this is not
the case with this release.I loved all of this movie. Great action and special effects. I liked
that they kept true to the humor in the movie as well. I laughed and
sat on the edge of my seat at moments as I was mesmerized by how well
they brought the characters to life.On top of this, I also saw it the old fashioned way at the Drive In
sitting up close with the sound at max. I could not have been any
happier with this production.



OK, I am not sure where all these bad reviews are coming from....(were
we in the same movie??). My husband and I saw it and we absolutely
LOVED the movie! I would very highly recommend seeing the film in IMAX
3D... I believe the sound, graphics, etc will not be at their full
potential if not viewed this way. There is a medium amount of foul
language but no sexual indecency....as a parent, I would definitely say
ages 10+ are suitable for the film.



I loved this movie, it made me a little teary eyed, made me laugh, made
me aggravated, annoyed, and that is what a movie is supposed to do. It
had suspense, action, drama, and humor. Great movie and can't wait
until the next one. I like the original main character better than Mark
in this film... but still did a great job! Skip all of the negative
reviews, they need to watch Hamlet or something which will satisfy
their poetic addiction. Oh, and I loved the robot that worked with the
old guy, he was hilarious.



I am a huge transformers fan and I loved this movie it is absolutely my
favourite transformer movie. All the reviewers are all liars you only
hate it because you either don't get it or you are just not true
transformer fans. Michael Bay has down an amazing job with the 5th
installment of the transformer franchise. When I saw the reviews I had
huge doubts about the movie and then I watched it and I realized that
the reviews are all wrong.Two words for this movie ABSOLUTELY AMAZING
One word for the reviewers disappointments. I am so disappointed with
how the reviews turned out. But the movie was excellent.



OK, that did it, I'm Done with watching Transformers movies at the
theater. I will just wait until the next movies are on video or ready
to stream. I am a huge Transformers fan and I know the mythology well
but this movie takes the mythology and flips it upside down and
backward. As a movie on its own, it is a hot mess of bad writing,
editing, and pacing. BUT Michael does know how to shoot a "scene" but
they are strung together incoherently.So What I Liked were the music and the effects. That's pretty much it.
Steve Jablonsky's score was over 100 times better than this movie
deserves. I really like how he brought back some of the original themes
but made them the sound of desperation. The confusing climax had this
mellow desperate theme (you hear in the trailer) that in a better movie
would have worked very well but it does nothing for you because whats
on screen is in the way. The two tracks that are worth noting are
"Sacrifice" and "We Have To Go". Just listen to those tracks and if you
have a filmmaking state of mind you can imagine a better movie with
those tones. Also, the special effects were well done compared to AGE
OF EXTINCTION's hammy job. I know it's all CGI that we have seen before
but the imagery that was composed is awesome to look at especially the
climax with the parts of the planet hanging down and "scraping" earth.Now What I Didn't Like (Got Time? then read on) #1 the editing. This is
by far, to me, the worst edited movie in history. Like I said Michael
Bay films the scenes very well (like the opening battle) but when they
are put together you have no idea what the hell is going on. And then
the noticeable aspect ratio. So nobody in the editing room noticed that
different shots had black bars at the top and bottom disappearing then
reappearing. This happens because some shots were shot in IMAX. I do
defend Michael Bay because I do think he is a better director than this
(The Rock, Bad Boys, Armageddon, Pearl Harbor) but he really dropped
the ball on this film. He knows how to shoot a sequence but that's all
it has going for it. If you watch a couple of shots on YouTube before
seeing the movie you would be like "wow that looks like a good movie"
NO it's just a good shot and sequence. And supposedly they had a
writers room come up with a plot by using Transformers mythos, HUH?
Well, a lot of things irked me. Without giving away any spoilers I'm
gonna name the mythos they got wrong (if you are a Transformers fan
then you'll know what Im talking about)...Nemesis Prime, Bumblebee's
Abilities, Hot Rod, Megatron/Galvatron, The Quintassons, Cybertron,
Barricade???,The Ark, and a very important evil transformer that I will
not give away the name because it is a spoiler but once you find out
what his alternate mode is your gonna flip and wanna walk out of the
theater.I am so glad that Michael Bay is going to step down as director of this
series because obviously, he does not care about the problems these
films have. I say hire an up a coming director who gives a damn about
making a good movie and not in it for the cash grab. But as for now, I
am done spending my money in hopes of a great movie experience. Want to
see a good Transformers movie, then go see the animated "The
Transformers- The Movie"



This is A great movie the story was the best in the series but yeah it
had some problems with some action parts because of poor editing but do
not worry their may be an extended cut that may fix up some of the
problems in the film. But there is noting wrong with the start of the
movie the medieval scenes are really good.



Me and my son love Transformers. We loved this movie. So many people
were disappointed and are complaining about the story line but we loved
the Transformers. Actually we would prefer movies with just
Transformers in them like the cartoons. Please don't take it so
seriously and turn it into something it is not and just enjoy the
scenery and of course the Transformers.


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

I am a big fan of transformers franchise so just want this review to be
short and concise. Can anyone explain to me how this happened?And
why?Why is there always some dumb phrases in this kind of movies?
Should at least cut Marky Mark off the Transformers grid for eternity.
And ,did i forgot to say?R.I.P. michael bay and steven spielberg


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


I did not see this movie for long because of the negative reviews it
got from critics and most other people. Now i hate myself for being so
judgmental. This is a really good movie. The CGI effects and cinematography is top
notch. The story has been developed really well, only the build-up of
story of Vivian could have been better. The movie is a tad bit long for
an action movie. I really liked how all different stories came together
in the end and gave a sense of satisfaction by completing the picture.
Michael Bay has done a fabulous job as a director. I got a feeling of
suicide squad when a montage of Decepticons that were negotiated by the
TRF and Megatron was shown.I had a surge in emotion towards the end when Optimus took
responsibility of his actions, accepted his misdeeds and rose above all
the hate to save everyone's home.This movie does appeal to the HERO inside everyone of us, those who do
not feel so might never had a chance that challenged their mettle.



Thought it was definitely one of the better movies of the series. Had a
great cast as well. Enjoyed a lot of the new characters of this film. I
was almost dreading going to see this after reading reviews and seeing
the ratings it received, but i'm glad I decided to go and see it
anyway.I was definitely pleasantly surprised. I was thinking beforehand
the series was starting to get old and thought they should probably
just put an end to it. But after seeing this I wouldn't mind seeing a
couple more. I think you pretty much need to be a fan of the cartoon
series to fully appreciate these films and maybe that's where the
reviewers and raters for this film went wrong. I hope there are more
out there that appreciate this film and write good reviews of it like I
have or at least get the word out that it was no where near as bad as
there saying.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Transformers: The Lat Knight is surprisingly good. My wife and I had
low, low, low expectations for The Last Knight. In fact, we only went
for the drive inn experience. The driving by Morden is a long drive,
but one of the last of last. The Last Knight worked out as movie! What
worked: The humor-Hokins and the C 3 P 0 homage Transformer created a
British style humor. Cade Yeager(aka Markie Mark)/Vivian Wembley sexual
tension has a humor edge like the Old Moonlighting t v series.
Surprisingly an entertaining story; A king Author/Merlin story
involving Knights and honor. The civilized vs the savage! The modern
story is the Evil prince invades an civilization can only be saved by
modern Knights, special forces, Transformers etc. Humor/mixed with
mid-evil honor brilliantly works. The car/special effects mixed with
old Knights works. What did not work: The usual red meat for the comic
book audience with the Starwars C G I special effect ending. C G I
comic book ending getting old. Un-original, redundant, formulated and
predictable. The original Starwars ending was great, but there needs to
be a new game changer ending for the genre. Worth heading out to the
sticks to see. 7 out of 10.



Another terrible Transformers movie, complete with robots fighting and
shooting at each other, nothing like the Transformers from the comics
or cartoons, obligatory military advertisements showing the military
taking down Transformers with ease in romanticized, stylized sequences
complete just so the shoot can get the shots of military equipment it
needs, all shot the same way military ads are, coincidentally. The
Izabella character also bothered me a lot for some reason. I won't go
into detail but if you watch the movie, you'll understand. Michael Bay
is a creep.It's time to reboot these movies, I'm sorry. Enough of Bay.



Trying not to spoil anything here. The movie was much better than I
anticipated! I had spoiled much for myself before going to see it. The
plot was better than Age of Extinction. There were Transformers all
over the place. Some of the transformations were really cool. A few
filler characters did not speak, nor transform (like the submarine!)
But there were tons of little scenes that stole from Beast Wars,
Transformer Prime and even the 1986 movie! Yes the movie is an
explosion fest. It's a Bay film... expect it. Yes the movie is long,
but it actually moved right along connecting the dots fairly well for
us this time. The effects were great and better than the fourth
installment. I found the movie to be rather good! And here's the rub.
This would have rated R 'back in the day'. Fair warning, if you're
taking your young kids (who might be collecting the sad-looking
toys)... there are more curse words in this movie compared to all the
ones before it. Bay went out with a blast in three ways. 1 in story. 2
with explosions. 3 and with the language. It was really cool seeing
some of the older and previous actors showing up in this movie and
tying everything somewhat together. Where they will go from here is
anyone's guess. I want to say more, but really don't want to spoil
anything. And the Decepticons have more personality (finally) than
ever. Yeah, there are a few dots WE have to connect. Megatron probably
hated being called something that humans named him, AND from their
'creation' from the previous movie. It's not hard to image him
'rebooting' himself. (Heck, the Creator could have!) Bumblebee may have
had secret meetings with what was left with KSI from the previous movie
in order for him to have some of HIS abilities. The connections are not
really there, just something for the audience to put together (it's not
THAT hard, people). Now remember this is the TRANSFORMERS
world/universe. So check out all the previous series to understand some
of these movies (you don't HAVE to... but it helps). I only had one
gripe with ONE human character (the nerdy guy that shows up near the
end)... This is a fun 'splosion fest Transformer movie that was very fun to
watch. Loved the car chases! Don't listen to the critics! Just go see
it on the big screen. Hate I missed the 3D showings... darn. It was
missing some decent humor, but overall one of the better TF movies!
Lots of bots! You might go "Where'd he get THAT!?" or "How did they
know this?" at times, but it's just an action movie. Just go with it.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


"I am Bumblebee, your oldest friend. Optimus, I would lay down my life
for you"the movie to some might not be perfect, but for those who can relate to
the feeling i felt inside after hearing those words ... man... it might sound a little rusty, and old school but i guess this is what
it feels like to hear a "true" friendTHE MOVIE IS Amazing


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


I watched this movie and i think this is one of the greatest movies for
all the times. The story,the playing of the actors,the
cinematography,the music-all was perfect(except the killing of the one
of the main positive heroes). In the movie Izabella said to Megatron
(they were on Earth):"Go to the hell!" and Megatron answered:"This
planet is the hell." When i read some of the comments about this
movie,that were full of hate and anger,i began to think that Megatron
was right(but there were also positive comments and i am happy for
that). I want to thank to the director,the actors,the writers,the
cinematographer,the composer and all the crew for the
wonderful,splendid experience and i wish them to make in the future
many movies of such quality.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Future generations will study this movie as the dawn of a new age in
film-making. It has everything you could possibly want out of two-
and-a-half hours of cinematic, action-packed gold; and so much more
besides. Anthony Hopkins giving the finger to the police outside
downing street and calling random people 'dickheads'? Check. A mad,
four-foot robot butler who kind-of- but-not-quite breaks the fourth
wall by accompanying dramatic scenes with his own incidental music,
before firing himself out of a World War II submarine torpedo chute to
catch a brace of tuna, cooking and preparing them and setting up the
bickering main characters on an underwater date, as they're being
chased by the military, on their way to the crash site of a 1600
year-old underwater spaceship, which contains the grave of Merlin. Um,
check. And speaking of which; a drunken Merlin (played by Stanley
Tucci) riding through the ancient and dramatic British landscape on
horseback, wielding a mystical staff that controls an Autobot dragon,
who goes on to destroy some Saxons and save King Arthur and the Knights
of the Round Table from certain destruction? Check.Historical note: the Saxons actually won that wider war, they went on
to become the English. Arthur was actually Welsh, although at the time
Welsh and Scottish people were all just 'Britons', of Celtic origin.
The Welsh word for English is 'Saeson', which means Saxons. Most
English people don't realise this, but the Celtic peoples have never
forgotten how they were driven out of their lands all the way back in
the Fifth-Century. In Scottish Gaelic the English are called
'Sassanach', which also means Saxon. Both languages are still spoken
today. (Don't tell the English.)These are just a few of the myriad delights this mad film has to offer,
there are many more besides. The fact that it has only gotten a 15%
'fresh' rating on the site that gave Paul Feig's Ghostbusters 73% just
goes to show what politically-motivated snobs movie critics are at
heart. This is genuinely the freshest, funniest, most exciting and
emotional film I have seen in years. No wonder people don't make
excellent movies any more, when original works of wonder and
imagination are met with sneering and contempt, by the same people who
fawn over politically-motivated rehashes that offer little or nothing
in the way of entertainment. Whoever would have thought that in the year Alien: Covenant was
released that two of the absolute best, most enjoyable movies released
would be the fifth installment of the Transformers franchise and Kong:
Skull Island. Two movies which - unlike others I have mentioned in this
review - are perfect slices of awesome entertainment, without a hint of
pretension.Michael Bay has finally made the movie he's wanted to all his working
life. If he had only gone half-way with this film, it would have been a
mess. Thank goodness he went all in and served us up such a
magnificent, rousing spectacle!Autobots, unite!


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Writer Matt Holloway is a fan of the drama Downton Abbey (2010), and
jokingly said that Jim Carter (who plays the butler Mr Carson in the
show) should voice Cogman . He was shocked when director Michael Bay
got Carter on as Cogman Isabella and her lovable robot that nobody
cares for only her is a blast there is an emotional bonding going with
cade as he asks him about his daughter there USA story in Michael bays
film which is good as we have another new comer Laura haddock she is a
university professor who show the history to kids about everything she
has a hidden secret only for Sir Edmund Burton who gurads a past to
help keep humanity safe follow her because she will be needed to help
the world from becoming cybertron the impressive Alnwick Castle, he has
a robot butler called cog man who is very good but sarcastic humour I
really don't have much else to say. As stated above, it's the fifth
film, you've already made up your mind whether you want to see it or
not. If the negative reviews have put you on the fence or dissuaded
you, think about whether or not you enjoyed the last four films. If
yes, then ignore the critics and enjoy yourself. what can i say from a
Michael bay transformers his story has an actual story line and he gets
the best story of the lot and good acting from his cast with Anthony
Hopkins he gets an actual good story to tell Michael bay is given his
lead actors and reamigining of the Arthur and the knights of the round
tables with the transformers been involved so we kinda gets another
king Arthur of the summer and also ww2 story in there two this film is
2hrs25mins long and a closing credit sequence just in case the make
another like the rumored bumblebee spin off Anthony Hopkins character
has been guarding a secret so the decepticions his character shows a
bit of comic timing don't get the it hands on a so we see mark whalberg
back as cade Yeager minding his robots at a junk yard the film takes
place in parts in Chicago mostly in London and Africa. its a nice
welcome from America getting hit to spread it out as a globally war
Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines. we
see Merlin his mystical power but he comes good as Arthur in medieval
times losing the battles but we see the dragon from the artifact that
Merlin's has been given so its lost to time and nobody knows where the
artifact as mega tron is on the lookout for it as as we see barricade
give cade a special item as we as we see the josh duhamels character is
group take down the transformers comes to alliance with cade as they
find his group in the out of bounds part of Chicago but strange things
hap-ping to optimums we see the army helping mega tron find cade follow
him to a little town as as they give chase and battles the other auto
bots as well as drones so cog man get cade o his plane to England to
help his search as the police give chase to him in London as wheels
brings the professor and Edmond Burton to explain his mythology and
secrets he keeping but all these stories make sense as there is 12
robots guarding a secret as we see the the group get to a submarine
this sequence is impressive underwater to a ship of importance that
leads to an all out assault in Stonehenge with everyone gathering the
support the flying sequence the action are top notch with cybertron
here on earth like the way they tried in transformers 3 this time they
succeed please Michael bay come back when you have another story there
police chases through London submarine chases as well this film has
everything Optimus Prime is gone to search for his maker he comes
across the dead cybertron and quintessa is going to play her cards
right and get the artifact. The key to saving our future lies buried in
the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on
Earth. Unlike the first three films where Sam was always "The Chosen
One" and his girlfriend's job was to just run in slow motion yelling
"SAAAAAM!". The main group of Decepticons were actually given
personalities and unique identities. Though completely under- utilized.
They make a big deal of giving them Suicide Squad-like introductions
and their screen time amounts to maybe 45 seconds each . I was actually
surprised how much screen time Anthony Hopkins had. I figured he'd slum
it for two or three scenes, of exposition, grab his paycheck then
disappear.But he's actually a prominent character and he seemed to have a lot of
fun in the role. this film has a budget of 217 million wow it really
shows being the last film despite the bad review here i gave it 10 out
of 10 i hope they make more here is the list of transformers Peter
Cullen ... Optimus Prime Frank Welker ... Megatron Erik Aadahl ...
Bumblebee John Goodman ... Hound ( Ken Watanabe ... Drift ( Jim Carter
... Cogman ( Steve Buscemi ... daytrader ( Omar Sy ... Hot Rod ( Reno
Wilson ... Mohawk / Sqweeks John DiMaggio ... Nitro Zeus / Crosshairs
Tom Kenny ... Wheels ( Jess Harnell ... Barricade Mark Ryan ... WWI
Tank / Steven Barr ... Volleybot


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


I'm sad to say I was dragged into this flaming shitpile of a movie by a
few of my friends. Needless to say i would've preferred to have me eyes gouged out with a
soldering iron than watch this movie again. Micheal bay couldn't resist
to steal a perfectly good story (King Arthur) and put it into this film
to make a few more billions. This 'movie' felt more like an ADVERT than an actual MOVIE. There was
absolutely no character development and i hated every single second of
this film..and Anthony Hopkins? What the hell, such a brilliant actor,
such a star on the film reel decided to act in this piece of faecal dog
matter for what exactly? This movie was so bad i swear i could see him
giving up on acting in a couple of scenes. Anyone who says this was a
good movie is either: A) A child or B) A childThe main filming focus around Transformers The last Knight has to be
the CGI and slow-motion. Its impressive yes but in no way rescues the
sinking story line and plot of this crappy film. Rather cut off your toes than watch this film



This a great movie. It is one of the best movies ever. It has a great
story line. It also has great acting. It also has a great special
effects. This is better then the first four Transformers movies. And
that is not easy to do. 5.3 is a good ratting. But this is such a great
movie 5.3 is underrating it. A lot of people are giving it 6. This
still to low for this great movie. I give this movie 10. This is a
great movie. If you do not like this movie then you do not know good
sciences fiction. This is a classic of our time. See it. It is better
then The Dark knight. And that is not easy to do. This a great film. I
do not know why any one would not like it.



From last 4 days i have been reading reviews for this movie n 95
percent of audience give it a low rating...critics are dumb i know that
but audiences now too r becoming dumb..this is the best transformers
movie from michael bay...i was actually waiting for this direction from
michael bay since i watched 2007 part and age of extinction..he did
it...the best director of all time..a great cinematic experience beyond
imagination..only bay can do it...thank u michael bay for this.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


As many reviews stated, people did not like this movie for several
reasons. Michael Bay's directing, the plot holes, the story moving too
fast, etc. but as an avid Transformers lover, I was thoroughly pleased.
Growing up with Transformers, I am always open minded about each new
movie, but usually leave feeling a sense of joy and excitement. The one part I did question was how to Galvatron go back to being
Megatron... There was no backstory or showing what happened after he
left in Age of Extinction, but that was the only thing I couldn't wrap
my head around. I did enjoy the added humour to the movie, as well as
the lead up to the, yes, sixth movie.As fast as the rest of the story went, I was able to keep up and take
in, but I will need to see it a second time to fully understand
everything. Optimus Prime was bad-ass, which is why he's my favourite.
Overall, I enjoyed the movie, I will be seeing it again, and if you're
skeptical about this movie, go in with an open mind and I'm sure you'll
enjoy everything it has to offer!



As we know the world will come to an end, eventually, but the question
that remains on the minds of those of us, how will it come to an end?
Spontaneous combustion? Jesus coming back? Alien attack? Alien robots
taking over? That seems to be the question of the century. Here's
another good question: Where were you when the Autobots came and helped
our race from an all-out attack on our planet? Yes, you heard me
correctly, Autobots. This movie review is not for the faint of heart,
because this review goes back to 2007 when we were first introduced to
the robot aliens of Cybertron. It has been 10 years since we were
introduced to Optimus Prime, Bumblebee, and their friends. But now,
with this fifth installment to the Transformers franchise, all hell
breaks loose. Now their world has come to ours and they will not take
prisoners, they want the world called Earth annihilated and destroyed.
Leading this all-star cast, Mark Wahlberg continues in his quest to
help save our world. Sir Anthony Hopkins delivers his best performance
since Silence of the Lambs. Thank you, Michael Bay, for bringing your
vision to us. We all thank you and we hope to see more of your work and
talents in future films. As far as this movie is concerned, I know that
the critics were bashing this new installment in the franchise, but
this movie is best of all 5 combined. It is more than meets the eye.



Transformers 5 is an absolute must for every action and sci-fi fan. No
one has ever gone to Transformers to be at a high level To be
entertained, it just hit clenched action on genial Sci Fi.I read a lot of reviews before watching Transformers in cinema and I
was really concerned... But really... FUK OF YOUR BULLSHIT REVIEWS!!!They're all frustrated idiots. Go to Cinema!Hope Transformers 6 will getting also as good movie as this part!


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Wow! OK, sure this was too long, and the acting not the best than prior
films, but a low 5 score? C'mon people, it was still good and
entertaining. Sure, Mark Wahlberg's daughter was not the right choice
(overboard) and sure Michael Bay stretched this out too long
(overboard), but not deserving a low 5 score. It was still good and
entertaining - yes not close to the best of the series, but not
deserving of a 5 and all the hate. An honest 8/10 from me!


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


This movie was a great experience with old characters from the original
movie like Josh Duhamel and that agent Simmons guy. It had the 4th
movie's cast and new and old characters and gave us back barricade
which was a Bad-@#$ and megatron. Optimus was in this and all the
screen time he had were almost always great to see. This movie of
course did have the hot female super model character but she had little
to no sexy scene's which is great because think of the babies. One of
the best parts of the movie was a scene when they showed title cards
for the decepticons and the one of the last one's showed a character
berserker who was like Hannibal lecter from silence of the lambs.
Speaking of Anthony Hopkins is in this movie with a great performance
and one of the best quotes ever. Don't touch that,That watch killed
Hitler. At the end we see unicron which gives us a hint that the next
movie will feature him.And that's my review



This is the largest action piece Bay ever pull off. It is a cinematic
experience no other filmmaker could have possibly concocted. Bay is the
master of disasters, you can watch his movies over and over, and
discover their magnitude every time. Transformers series made $3.8
billions, across four films to date, regardless of what critics write
about them. It is becoming trendy to hate Bay's Transformers.



This is my first time writing a review but after seeing the ratings on
this movie and as a fan of Transformers and Micheal Bay i felt that i
should. i mean the expectations are enormous on this movie and every
transformers fan has their own versions of expectations of what they
want and wish and hope to see in this movie (including me) but at the
end of the day this is the version we got well at least in this
universe. i was a little disappointed on the 4th one and after reading
very bad reviews on this movie and the low rating it was give on IMDb i
was waiting for disappointment as i began to watch the movie but
surprisingly What an epic adventure!!!! this movie will take you for a
ride guaranteed!!! Forget all your expectations and the reviews just
accept and sit down and relax to watch Michael Bays version and you
will not be disappointed.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Fans of the franchise: if you're here for the director's trademark
chaos editing (where fights go from points A to D to Q), toxic
masculinity (and female objectification), comedy scenes rendered tragic
(and vice versa), and general full-volume confusion, you'll get all
those things in abundance.I really love this.



Have u ever read any of the comics from Hasbro?? Have u? If no then
don't open your mouth and say rubbish for a movie like that. I believe
it's a great movie. Rumors always come from haters and if u haven't
seen it yet then I'll recommend you to go and watch it. I'm not giving
any spoilers but the story follows the story line of the comics. It's
actually interesting how the plot is revealed. Most people are thinking
that it's boring but then, most people are stupid aren't they? In order
to actually understand the series you don't have to read all the
comics(because there are various publications that have published the
comics and different versions of all the comics make it even more
difficult to read them all). You can just read the synopsis of it.I'll give it a rating of 8 because I didn't like the ending of it. It
didn't appear to be ore practical. It was too quick and I wish they'd
have extended it a bit.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Anyone remember when they first saw the Optimus Prime, Bumble-Bee,
Ironhide on first movie of Transformers movie series, such big giant
characters on that small screen.I am thankful to Director Michael Bay for making such action packed
movies filled with nice CG effects, although there are some fans not
happy with role of female character in this movie series and i agree
with them on that part.Its already 5th movie in the series, so what else we are expecting,
at-least there is always something new about Optimus Prime to see in
each movie.Well i like this movie as much as i like every other movie in this
series, and i am hoping to see them again in future.We will always miss you Optimus Prime and Bumble-bee (* if it is last
movie of this series, otherwise i am happy to see them again).Thank You.



It is a very good movie. I saw it in the cinema yesterday in 3G and it
was amazing. The action and talking in the movie is just so perfect,
really everything is good and it is definitely recommended to go see it
in the cinema!! It is very exciting and is is a long movie so you get
quality. It is really worth it to go see the movie with your friends,
definitely!



Personally, I don't know why some people are hating on the movie so
much. I enjoyed it. Probably not quite as much as some of the others,
but it was still a good movie and kept me engaged. I'm guessing the story line was a little difficult for some folks to
follow, however I had no difficulty at all. Enjoyable movie. Great effects as always.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


I have to completely disagree with almost everyone reviewing this film.First of all: When watching this movie and comparing to films like The
Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption or some other masterpiece of modern
cinema, you will be making a BIG mistake.It's a friggin' action movie. Explosions, cars driving fast, lots of
shooting, lousy one-line-meant-to-be-jokes and so on. It is in the same
category as most James Bond movies, not meant to be thoroughly
criticized just enjoyed.So lets have a look at the week spots: 1. The acting...could be better,
but I have definitely seen worse in films rated higher. 2. The
plot...OK...not bad...could have been better, especially concerning
anchoring the story line and the characters. Too many holes, it
sometimes looses momentum, especially in the first part...i.e. early in
the film we see a major weapon that comes to play later on in the
movie...and is almost invisible??? With a weapon like that, wouldn't
any normal person have used it to its maximum? 3. Characters. Little
Isabella is OK (but WAY TOO sexy for a 14 year old, sorry Michael Bay.
This was plainly stupid of you) The rest of the characters are quite
flat, Sir Anthony Hopkins does what he can...which seem to be less and
less these last years (Except for Westworld where he was just
brilliant)Other than that, this was definitely a film I liked. Loud action packed
chaos from beginning to the end. A straight 8 from me.What I found was nice also was the attempt (quite futile, but an
attempt anyway) to follow in Marvel's footsteps and try to have a
little more complex story line than in most action-films (I actually
feel a little sorry for many of the slow reviewers here that had a hard
time to follow the story...it is very simple. lol).But like I said: it's a friggin' action movie. Grab a cola and popcorn
and just sit back and enjoy.And don't forget to turn up the volume....


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        