
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


As the summer doldrums descend upon us with the impending change of the
seasons, it is reassuring Hollywood has produced a genuinely
entertaining action comedy to tide us over until the major Thanksgiving
and Christmas releases. Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson make a
charismatic combo with no love lost for each other in the fast-paced
but formulaic thriller "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" co-starring Gary
Oldman and Salma Hayek. "Expendables 3" director Patrick Hughes proves
not only that he can orchestrate some extraordinary stunts involving
vehicular mayhem on a modest $30-million budget, but he also gets
inspired performances from his gifted cast. Indeed, you've seen
variations of "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" many times before in road
pictures about mismatched heroes, such as the two "48 HRS" movies, "The
Rundown," "The Rookie," the "Rush Hour" trilogy, the "Lethal Weapon"
series, "The Nice Guys," and "Midnight Run." This adrenalin-laced saga
benefits from catchy dialogue courtesy of "Fire with Fire" scenarist
Tim O'Connor who gives everybody quotable lines peppered with flavorful
profanity as well as a plot sizzling with surprises galore. Of course,
you know Ryan Reynolds is going to deliver Samuel L. Jackson as a
witness to testify against villainous Gary Oldman before the deadline
when the latter can be cleared off all charges against his murderous
Eastern European regime. The destination isn't as much a revelation as
the roller-coaster ride that everybody takes to arrive there in the
nick of time. All too often movies like "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" lose
steam somewhere in the middle, but Australian director Patrick Hughes
maintains the momentum throughout its 118 minutes. The gauntlet that
our bickering heroic pair must negotiate keeps challenging them right
up until to the last second. Happily, the gals in this slam-bang,
grudge match aren't destitute damsels-in-distress, but babes that can
shoot straight, smash testicles with their feet, and rival the guys
with their profanity. Clearly, sensitive souls searching for
philosophical insights about life's mysteries should shun this
implausible but entertaining nonsense.Debonair Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds of "Deadpool") is at the top of
his game as an elite triple-A bodyguard who will shield any scoundrel
who can afford his services. Bryce knows all the tricks of the trade.
As "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" unfolds, our clean-shaven, well-dressed,
suit and tie executive has escorted a notorious Japanese arms dealer,
Kurosawa (Tsuwayuki Saotome of "London Has Fallen"), to the airport to
bid him farewell when a random shot out of the blue obliterates the
arms dealer as the latter is peering out the window of his jet at
Bryce. Our protagonist is stunned beyond expression and watches as his
bodyguard service folds. Initially, Bryce blames his girlfriend,
Interpol Agent Amelia Roussel (Elodie Yung of "Gods of Egypt"), for her
lack of discretion. Michael believes Amelia leaked word about the
Japanese arms dealer's presence. They separate over this breach. Meantime, genocidal Belarusian dictator Vladislav Dukhovich (Gary
Oldman of "True Romance"), is on trial at The Hague in the Netherlands
for international human rights violations. As the trial winds down to
its inevitable conclusion, the prosecution cannot seem to keep its'
witnesses alive long enough for them to testify. The last man scheduled
to take the stand against Dukhovich is the world's deadliest hit-man,
Darius Kincaid (Samuel L. Jackson of "Pulp Fiction"), who refused an
offer from him. Simply said, Kincaid doesn't murder innocent women and
children. He has irrefutable evidence which will seal Dukhovich's fate.
Basically, Kincaid has cut a deal with the prosecutor to talk if she
will release his wife, Sonia Kincaid (Salma Hayek of "Everly"), from an
Amsterdam prison. As Kincaid later tells Sonia, he doesn't care if they
send him to prison because there isn't a prison secure enough to hold
him. Interpol sets out to haul Kincaid from Manchester, England, under
a heavily armed guard to The Hague. An informer within the ranks,
however, tips off Dukhovich's top assassin, Ivan (Yuri Kolokolnikov of
"Game of Thrones"), about the route. Ivan's trigger-happy henchmen
ambush the Interpol van and wipe out everybody but Amelia and Kincaid.
Kincaid catches a slug in the leg before Amelia and he elude the
killers. She escorts Kincaid to a safehouse where he digs the bullet
out of his calf as if he were Sylvester Stallone's John Rambo and
bandages himself. Afterward, Kincaid refuses flatly to cooperate with
Interpol. Reluctantly, Amelia swallows her pride and resorts to Michael
for help. At first, he wants nothing to do with this suicidal kiss of
death exercise. Nevertheless, he caves in to his desperate
ex-girlfriend's pleas. No sooner have Michael and Kincaid met than they
are shoving pistols in each other's faces. "My job is to keep you out
of harm's way," Michael reminds Kincaid. "I am harm's way," Jackson
retorts defiantly. Since his near miss with death during the ambush,
Kincaid has gone to packing a pistol. As it turns out, Michael and
Kincaid discover they are old adversaries, and they spend the rest of
"The Hit-man's Bodyguard" swapping insults when they aren't whittling
down the army of gunmen that outnumbers them. "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" wallows in everything action movie fans
crave. Director Patrick Hughes knows better than to let the expository
dialogue scenes interfere with the plethora of shooting and killing.
The body count escalates into double-digits, and Kincaid himself knocks
off almost thirty gunmen. Although our heroes cannot perish, life is
hardly a picnic as they dodge one barrage after another. Half of the
time, Kincaid and Michael are working against each other. For example,
Kincaid stomps the brakes during a careening car chase and a surprised
Michael performs a header through the windshield but regains his
footing without missing a stride. Ironically, the relationship between
them improves as the odds against their survival worsen. Meanwhile,
Gary Oldman arouses our wrath as an appropriately despicable villain
who kills without a qualm. Villains must be hard-boiled in thrillers.
Despite its familiarity, "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" delivers everything
that makes an action movie unforgettable!



I walked into the movie expecting a good time and a few laughs however
this went above and beyond my expectations this is truly one movie not
to be missed you walk out of the theater feeling like you know you had
a good time that's only happened to me with two other comedies so far
this year 'rough night& guardians 2'i had such fun and laughed so hard
during this movie it was incretibly intelligent yet simple to
understand my only caution is if your offended by f bombs stay away
from this movie and also keep kids away but aside from that grab some
popcorn and your favorite soda and have a nice night at the movies



Movie with best dialogues.. I laughed ROFL throughout the movie..
Specially for a dialogue :You know, Women don't like to be forgiven for
sh*t cause that implies, they did some sh*t to begin with"
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHGod bless Jackson.. Come up with many more such movies.. Love ya
man..!!



I've never heard of this movie, never thought I want to see it, even
the title - "Hitmans Bodyguard"? - sounded like a B-movie from the
90s...But I'd say this movie is the biggest surprise of the year so far. It's
just great.They don't make 'em these days. If you're old enough to remember Mel
Gibson and Danny Glover in the original Lethal Weapon - that's exactly
the kind.Surprisingly great action scenes, the chemistry between the two
characters, Ryan's signature "Deadpool-ish" humor, and Samuel L.
Jackson singing (whaaat), laughable jokes and self-irony everywhere,
this is just a non-stop roller-coaster.The story is kinda obvious, but... the filmmakers know it, they even
make fun of themselves. Like, yeah, here's an iPhone showing an
incoming call from 'INTERPOL' - so what, bite me.Overall - a must see.PS. Too bad Netflix doesn't have it in countries where the movie is
scheduled for theaters, can;t wait to see it AGAIN.



Samuel L. Jackson in. Really worth it that too my another favorite
actor Reylonds. Great movie indeed. Action mixed with comic just made
my day. These actors always do their best to make the movie more
exciting to watch always. Best part when Reynolds asked the man to help
with the gun in the movie so funny :) Go and watch, again really worth
it.



Perfect dosage of humor and action. Not the typical comedy that goes to
far and that feels like the jokes are forced. The action scenes were
crazy and really intense whilst the relationship between Bryce (Ryan
Reynolds) and Kincaid is to die from laughter. I have to take 1 point
because some scenes are really blurry. At first I thought it was just
because I was siting in the second row and we were to close to the
screen but after reading some other reviews I was I wasn'nt the only
one who noticed. Overall, I was expecting to go see a funny movie and
enjoy myself, this one delivered and more.



Seems to me action flicks from the US follow a simple formula these
days.Take a buddy/buddy action duo, add in some swearing, crude jokes, lots
of shooting/violence, a bare bones story line (maybe something negative
about Russia or the USSR?)a few hot chicks and bake for 100 or so
minutes and there you have it. If you are happy with this recipe then you may like The Hit-man's
Bodyguard. In fairness its watchable on a very superficial level but I
have to confess I became bored quite quickly. There was nothing really
genuinely witty or clever about the narrative or characterisations but
then to be fair, yet again, I had not expected much going in. An OK watch if you are having a slow wet weekend. Five out of ten from
me.



Former CIA agent Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds) has a high class private
protection operation. His client gets killed and his business dies. Two
years later, he's struggling to regain his reputation. Former president
of Belarus Vladislav Dukhovich (Gary Oldman) is on trial at the
International Criminal Court. The prosecution is in trouble and
Interpol offers imprisoned hit-man Darius Kincaid (Samuel L. Jackson) a
deal to testify. He wants his wife Sonia (Salma Hayek) freed. He's
being transported to The Hague when they are attacked. Agent Amelia
Roussel rescues him and recruits her ex Michael to be the hit-man's
bodyguard.Actors Reynolds and Jackson are an irreverent fun action duo. Their
chemistry is a little rough at first but eventually they find their
way. I wish that Hayek joined them to form a trio. I kinda assumed that
from the billing and the trailer. It's a big disappointment. There are
some fun action, canal chases, and general mayhem. This has its moments
but it could have been better.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Wow, I was so impressed with this movie. I will admit that the first 20 
minutes were pretty generic for me and I found myself thinking, "This 
is pretty much what I expected, but it's a free screening so just enjoy 
it." 

However, once Reynolds and Jackson team up on the screen the entire 
chemistry of the movie changes and it ended up being one of the funnest 
"buddy cop" movies I've seen in quite a while. (I know it technically 
isn't a buddy cop movie, but it really is for all intents and 
purposes.) 

The movie doesn't take itself seriously (were you really expecting that 
with Reynolds and Jackson?!), and just like any modern action/comedy 
the plot isn't meant to be something like Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy. 

This movie is 100% worth spending the cash to go see in the theater 
with a group of people. I can also tell you this, the atmosphere 
leaving the theater was great; this movie is a lot of fun!



The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a movie I never knew I wanted to see until I
saw the first trailer. I was instantly hooked, and couldn't wait to see
it on opening day. Well, I actually got a bit lucky for once as I was
invited to see the movie almost two weeks before it opened. And I gotta
say, it's one of the best action/comedy movies I've watched in quite a
while...perhaps since Deadpool.So what's this movie about? Well, it's about a guy (Ryan Reynolds) who
used to run a protection agency before he lost a client and his
business failed, forcing him to become a personal bodyguard. He is
tasked by an Interpol agent to get a witness who is a former assassin
(Samuel L. Jackson) to a courthouse to testify against a dictator.
Craziness ensues.While the story sounds interesting, it plays out in a pretty typical
and predictable way. Not that I should have expected much more. It is
an action/comedy film, after all. But predictability aside, the story
does get the job done. Yeah, you'll be able to figure out how the film
will end within the first 30 minutes or so, but that's not all that
important, because it's all about the journey to that very predictable,
and satisfying, ending. And boy, the adventure that Samuel L. Jackson
and Ryan Reynolds go on is extremely entertaining.Being a comedy, you'd expect some good comedy in this film, right?
Well, The Hit-man's Bodyguard delivers on that expectation and then
some. Once you get past the movie's slow start, it's pretty much an all
you can chuckle buffet. (The chemistry between Ryan Reynolds and Samuel
L. Jackson is incredible!) Of course there are a few jokes that fall
flat, but they are few and far between. Oh yeah, if you're a fan of
Deadpool humor, you'll really like this movie. It's not full-blown
Deadpool, but it's pretty damn similar.Now, the biggest surprise for me with this movie is how great the
action sequences are. The team behind this film definitely drew some
influence from movies like John Wick and Jason Bourne for both the
combat scenes and the chase scenes. They're riveting, with some great
humor sprinkled in.Overall, The Hit-man's Bodyguard is one of the biggest surprises of the
year so far for me, and will definitely go down as one of the most
enjoyable films of the year. It's funny, it's action packed, and the
story is interesting enough to keep it all moving towards a satisfying
conclusion. So yeah, I guess you could say it's pretty dang good. Go
see it when it comes out on August 18th.



I just saw a preview of "Hitman's Bodyguard" last night with my wife.
We are both fan's of action and comedy and went into this hoping it
would be as good as we hoped from the actor's involved. I am a HUGE Sam
Jackson fan and an equally big Ryan Reynolds fan. I'm glad to say that
this movie did not disappoint! I would've given this movie a 10 if only voting on the action and
comedy but there were a couple of plot points that were slightly
predictable. I don't feel these couple of things hurt the movie much
due to what the movie is being advertised as, which is an action comedy
and this is by far where it shines. I laughed harder during some scenes
of this movie than I've laughed in a long time during a movie. The last
I remember laughing harder is last year during "Deadpool". If you like lots of action and great comedy with actors with plenty of
chemistry and don't mind a significant amount of f-bombs, which if
you're a Sam Jackson fan I'm guessing you don't, then drop some cash
for a ticket. You won't be disappointed!!



Just watched a sneak preview of The Hit-man's Bodyguard. I had high
expectations given the cast of Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson. The
movie exceeded these expectations! Over the top comedy and action --
best combination since Deadpool last year. Definitely worth watching!I'm a long-time IMDb user, but this movie was so good, I felt I needed
to get an IMDb login so I could review it!Top movie I've seen this year, edging out Baby Driver!



I read some reviews that trashed this movie and I'm wondering if these
are the same people that thought that Birdman (worst movie ever) was
the best a couple of years ago. OK...I get it and I understand why
people are hating on this movie. The movie is violent, predictable and
has a script that is full of foul mouth language. But the beauty of the
movie experience is that when you walk into a theater, turn off your
brain and enjoy this movie for what it is. I laughed out loud and
enjoyed this from beginning to end. Yes it is full of unrealistic
stunts, bullet dodging and perfect aim by the "good guys" but that is
what makes it enjoyable. Of course it is it is full of "F" words but
that is what makes this movie fun. Samuel L, Ryan Reynolds and Selma Hayek (who played a surprising role)
are fun to watch. Trust me don't go in thinking that this is some type
of Jason Bourne or Jack Ryan spin off because it's not. Just sit back
and watch it with the intent on being entertained by this funny
action/comedy. There are some references to some old movies so you have
to be keen and recognize them.



Watched the movie about two weeks back. I must say that initially it
was not my first choice. I am a big fan of action and looking at the
showings it was too scientific and didn't interest me that much but
nevertheless I ended up watching it because my first choice was? not
available at a time. I liked that it kept me intrigued and almost was wondering how Samwell
and the most respected body guard are going to cross their paths. It
was interesting, entertaining, funny, memorable and full of action.
Probably one of the few movies I would like to watch again. Big up to
the producers.



I gave this movie such a high mark because it made me laugh like I
haven't laughed in a while at a movie. It does not have an intricate
plot-line, it is predictable but has great lines.I will say this. With any other actors than Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L.
Jackson this would have been a flop. You can see the humor that
Reynolds has in Deadpool and that Jackson has in Django Unchained here.
I think this is what I liked the most.They also have great chemistry
together, I personally would not have guessed this, but now it makes a
lot of sense.It has interesting action scenes. I personally am not really into that
so it makes no difference to me, but they seem pretty good.They also
don't go overboard to make it not credible, but exaggerated enough that
it is funny.It is easy, it does not make you think a lot afterwards but it
entertains you and I think this was the role of this film. Hope you enjoy this movie as much as I did.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

I loved this film, it is sleek fast paced and laugh out loud funny. All
the characters are great - from Ryan Reynolds playing it straight,
Samuel L Jackson being a bad ass and Salma Hayek in her most funniest
role as Samuel L Jackson's love interest what is there not to like. The
acting and filming is top notch, for me this has to be one of the
coolest films of 2017. I can't wait for this to come out on DVD so I
can watch it again and again - money well spent at the cinema and wait
until full credits to roll, there is a nice little blooper at the end.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


This movie basically portrays the nation of Belarus as a terrorist
state. There is actually a scene where a truck full of explosives plows
into a crowd of people. Given the fact this has been used a method to
commit real terrorist acts across Europe in recent years, it is
absolutely shameful they would add this into the movie. If you're
eastern European, Belarusian particularly, this movie seems like an
attack on you.



It had been a while since I was totally enjoying a funny comedy action
movie. This was by far the most exciting old fashion action movie I
have seen in the past few months. It was fun, got lots of funny moments
especially when we saw the interaction between Ryan Reynolds (Bryce)
and Samuel L. Jackson (Kincaid). It was actually not a new recipe where
two people of different background had to work together to be safe from
the bad guys (a little bit similar formula in the movie Bulletproof
with Damon Wayans and Adam Sandler). However, this movie was having a
lot more awesome ridiculous stunts and a lot more brutal. Yes, the
killings were pretty violent but not up to the level of horrifying.The movie had got an R rating mostly I think due to the profound
language (countless times we would here the "F" word being used in
here) and some of the action sequences. The main attraction in this
movie was definitely the amazing chemistry between Bryce and Kincaid's
characters. It was really wonderful to see how difficult Bryce who was
a methodical full of planning type had to deal with Kincaid who always
did anything based on instinct. Surprisingly also, Salma Hayek's
character as a totally violent person was very fun to watch. Did I mention also about this movie being very funny? If I had not said
it enough, I will say it again that this movie was very funny. There
were so many moments that my wife and I and the rest of the audience
would really laugh out loud. And the action sequences were sooo many in
between. I felt there was no dull moment in the movie at all. For a
movie of almost 2 hours, it sure filled us with lots of entertaining
scenes. Just when you thought that it was over, there seemed to be
something else again. And if you wait till the end credit scene, you
can see a quite funny scene before it ended.Another factor that made the movie so fun to see was the use of some
80s songs to accompany the "romantic" scenes such as Hello by Lionel
Richie or I Want To Know What Love Is by Foreigner. The explosion
effects and the sound effects were great. All in all this film was a
really entertaining movie that gave us lots and lots of fun. I would
really really recommend this one for you to see in the cinemas near
you. Please be sure to watch this one with your friends and family
(minus the children as it was not for their consumption). If you are
longing for a good fun comedy action movie, then you have got to see
this.For my other reviews, pls have a look at
michaelnontonmulu.blogspot.co.id



This is the first review i've written on here, but felt i had to for
this film. Watched last night and can honestly say my favourite film of
the year, and the first film, other than a musical, i cant wait to go
and see again. From the opening scenes you love the characters with all
their faults. Ryan and Sam just must make more movies as Hit-man and
Bodyguard, the chemistry is undeniable. Salma Hayek was a great casting
for Sams wife and her scenes add even more to the OTT nature of the
film. The soundtrack was great. This may all seem a bit over the top
for a review, but that's how good it was. Do not miss.....



This was one of the most funny movies I have seen in a long time.
There's a decent amount of violence and bad language, but the special
taste of humor made me laugh like I hadn't in a year or more. Samuel
Jackson is hilarious in his role! Chases through Amsterdam are cool. It
did not seem realistic that the bad guys in cars can keep up with Sam
in a speedboat though the canals.



Summary (no spoilers) This movie is about a world's top body guard who gets a new client, who
is a hit man who must testify at the international court of justice.
They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to
the trail on time.My Review (no spoilers)The plot of this movie was up to the mark nothing dragged with the
perfect blend of explosive action and out of nowhere erupting comedy.
Ryan and Samuel at their best and not to forget Elodie and Gary for
their fine performance. I would be expecting a sequel for this movie.
It also had a very good ending. Overall a perfect movie worth a watch. My RecommendationYes just go watch it.My Rating10/10


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Today we look at a film if you mix Ryan Reynolds and Samuel Jackson in
a 007+John Wick situation. The results are absolutely hilarious and
extremely fun. This film proves that experimentation is the key to
making fresh and exciting films. The story plays out like your typical
007 film. Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds) who is what he calls himself a
"Former Triple A Protection Agent" has to escort an infamous hit-man,
Darius Kincaid (Samuel L. Jackson) to his Testimony at the
International Court of Law to prevent the corrupt Russian president
from getting back in power. But what really makes the plot shine is its
characters. Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson absolutely nail their
roles as respective former triple A protection agent and foul mouthed
hit-man and their opposite chemistry is responsible for many of the
film's funniest moments from their banter in-between action to full on
shouting during the action. This proves that opposites can really
attract in certain situations. Diegetic sound is used in an excellent
manner in this film. Guns sound beefy and whenever someone gets shot
you really feel the impact of the shot as they are appropriately used
in this film with the right dosage of blood and pain. This film
absolutely deserves its 15 rating. Cinematography is also used
effectively in this film even during the non-action scenes of the film.
Just by looking at the environment around us at the beginning when
we're introduced to Michael, we get the feeling that he is a very
successful "Triple A Protection Agent." Many shot types were used which
help to portray Michael's character as well as Darius' when we find out
about his backstory as well. But the camera worked during the action
scenes as well because there was the right amount of tracking of both
Michael and Darius when each individual needed the camera the most and
there was rarely a lot of filler. With remarkable characters, great
cinematography, sound and smart funny dialogue, The Hit-man's Bodyguard
is a wild and funny ride for lovers of both comedy and action films.



This movie is about as good as the genre gets. If you are looking for a
heavy drama, a social conscience kind of movie or one that will win
awards, what are you doing in this action comedy/buddy kind of movie?
For the kind of flick it is, it is great! It tons of action, of course.
Plenty of fun interspersed throughout, especially if you layer in the
actor's involved. (They are clearly having fun with it.) Some romance
and even some higher ideals/messages if you choose to buy in a bit.Selma Hayek's character is roll on the floor laughing fun.Good fun kind of movie.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


The Hit-man's Bodyguard is racy and entertaining, if generic, action
thriller. It is generic in plot- putting two charismatic actors
together with their chemistry and comedic timing driving the movie
forward. It is racy in treatment- hurtling from one action sequence to
the other.Micheal Bryce (Ryan Reynolds) is a AAA rated bodyguard, who falls from
grace when his client gets terminated by assassin for hire, man-on-a-
mission-to-rid-the-world-of-evil-people and passionate lover Darius
Kincaid (Samuel L Jackson). The washed-up Michael gets a chance to
redeem himself by transporting Darius safely to testify against a
sadistic dictator, Vladislav Dukhovich (Gary Oldman). What follows is a
race against time, as Dukhovich unleashes hell on the two wisecracking
heroes."This guy single-handedly ruined the word mother**ker" The Hit-man's Bodyguard excels solely because director Patrick Hughes
lets the leads do what they do best- Samuel L Jackson gets to say
Mother***cker every few minutes, while Ryan Reynolds gets the family
friendly witty one-liners. It is mostly a laughathon then; even the
poster is a rip-off from Kevin Costner- Whitney Houston starrer- The
Bodyguard. Throw corrupt cops, lovelorn psychotic lovers, boat chases,
bike chases, car chases in the mix, along with beautiful
cinematography, and a rocking background score, nevertheless at the end
it is just a cheesy, buddy flick.But then, I cannot stress on this enough, it is Jackson and Reynolds
that makes it so watchable. Jackson looks like he continued from where
Snakes on a Plane ended, while for Reynolds, think Deadpool with a PG
filter.7/10 for The Hit-man's Bodyguard- it is a solid, predictable action
comedy.



As with all films I go to see at the cinema, I always check the
rating's first. Usually, I agree almost completely with the suggested
average user rating. However, I genuinely believe that this film has been underrated. 38% on
Rotten Tomatoes is just harsh. The 7/10 is a bit better. However,
whilst I recognise that this film is no Oscar winning masterpiece, in
terms of its actual entertaining value it is my second favourite of the
year - losing out only to Baby Driver which was masterfully executed
and refreshingly unique. From start to finish the film is explosions and guns. The lines are
witty and I am sure I would have found the scene with the nuns (this is
in the trailer) might have been more entertaining viewing for the first
time. Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson are a brilliant duo, and I certainly
hope this film will have a sequel and that it will be just as
entertaining as this new film.



I lost count of the number of chases and they were good. With great
acting and lots of laughs but with a slightly serious note to it as
well this made for an excellent movie. Selma Hayek was brilliant as the
foul mouthed, violent wife of the Hit-man. The hit-man and the
bodyguard were both good as well being seasoned actors. The story moved
along at a quick pace with action filling most scenes.. You won't fall
asleep in this movie. It was predictable in parts but other scenes
contained some surprises and it was always fun. It is an action comedy, a light hearted movie experience, so if you
walk into the theatre expecting that you won't be disappointed.



The Hit-man's Bodyguard was a really funny movie... so much funnier
than I had expected it to be. The action is great and performed well by
both Jackson and Reynolds. The movie has an intelligible story that
flows well and never left me bored or praying for the end. I really
enjoyed it and hope to see more from this new buddy comedy duo. I
highly recommend seeing this flick!



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

this was a great movie worth the time watching it. it was a good stress
reliever the comedy was on point Ryan & Samuel was made to do this
movie they had a good chemistry between them .The movie had its good and boring moments but the action was so good.overall this was a great movie .



This movie really exceeded my expectations. When I saw the trailer, I
really wanted to see it and when I went to see it, I was joyfully
impressed.I was impressed of how good the script mixed comedy, romance and gory
action. The excellent action sequences, along with the comedy and the
nice performances of Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds (I think it
was an excellent idea to put these actors together) mades the
experience absolutely worthwhile and funny.And of course, I enjoyed a lot the scenes with Salma Hayek, because
well, she is simply perfect and my family and I have a special
appreciation for her because she was born where all of us did
(Veracruz, Mexico) and for how successful has been her career 'till
now.Overall, completely worth to watch in every way, because it has
everything that an action movie should have, including a good
soundtrack. See it with high expectations, because this movie will
exceed them.Thanks for reading!



This movie was one of my favorite comedies this year. Its leading
actors are Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds, which I didn't know was
such a great match. They are extremely funny at times and just funny in
most of the times, and that was a surprise to me. I never imagined the
two of them in an action comedy, but now I just want to see more.Reynolds and Jackson are two completely different characters. Reynolds
is an agent who's been "degraded" and Jackson is an assassin who was
the reason Reynolds was "degraded". I will not spoil anything else. Reynolds and Jackson aren't the only ones who stole the spotlight.
Salma Hayek was hilarious with the screen time she got, she plays a
sadistic, hilarious and foul-mouthed wife of Jackson's character. We
don't really see the two together that much, which to me was
disappointing.The action is pretty cool, there were action scenes that were fun to
watch, some of them were hilarious and some were exciting. There was
one scene where Reynolds forgets his seat-belt and the exchange between
Reynolds and Jackson after that made me laugh out loud. Was it a masterpiece? No, not at all. Was it entertaining? Incredibly
entertaining. Could you watch it several times? Yes, a lot of times.If you're looking for an entertaining movie which serves you both
comedy and action, then this movie is for you. You should at least give
it a chance! 8/10.



I have to say I have been pleasantly surprised by the quality of the
last few Netflix films and this is no exception. Having always expected
TV quality in their films it was great to see such good special effects
and quality actors in this movie.Gary Oldman brings it as the always fiercely reliable bad guy. Samuel
L. Jackson & Ryan Reynolds actually make quite the pair in this buddy
action movie. I may have rated it a point higher due to my surprise at
the quality but it makes it no less a great feat by Netflix to continue
this tradition of great actors, decent scripts and generally above
average results.7.8/10



If you enjoy impressive action sequences and limited comedy, then this
is the movie for you. Gary Oldman was awesome, but The Hit-man's Bodyguard is mostly glued by
the banter of Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds. Their chemistry is
good but it never amounts to what it should. Safe and forgettable plot,
a bit tedious at times. Just watch it for the action.



Pretty good Buddy film with a very fun and dynamic on screen duo. It
was definitely entertaining funny and at some points even exciting. The
chase scene in Amsterdam were perfectly put in scene and contained some
of the best moments of the year - action wise. Ryan Reynolds was very
good and perfectly cast. He had the right comedic timing and charisma
for that kind of role. Samuel L. Jackson obviously loved playing that
role that gave him the chance to make fun of his own image. It worked.
His performance was really something else here, not the usual stuff he
does in action films more comedies, he really added a lot of
personality to the character. Good job. Gary Oldman was fine as the
villain but rather wasted. Obviously a paycheck job. But at least he
had quite a good scene towards the ending. The soundtrack was great,
the action choreography excellent. It had some really graphic scenes
which was surprising but definitely working. Fine and fun direction.
Definitely a film to get the right entertaining relief you would
expect. And the duel Reynolds/Jackson really works. I hope they will do
future films together again.



Okay, so Hollywood finally got Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson into
a movie. From what I heard they have been trying for ages. With the
fact the two of them are two of the most sought after actors in movies
nowadays it was no surprise it took so long for it to happen. But it
did, and there were some bad things that happened with the movie, but
more good. First let's get the bad out of the way. There isn't that
much, but there is some. Now, I'm not one to push flashbacks away from
telling a story, but this movie did do a bit more with the flashbacks.
Some of them didn't need to be in the movie. Yes, they did make sense,
but there was only one that should have been used. The opening
flashback was all that was needed. Nothing more. Then we have Sam
Jackson. It was like the director said, "Hey, everyone likes it when
you constantly yell and blurt out MF all the time." They even made a
joke on the matter in the movie, and it was hilarious. Now, as much as
I like Sam Jackson as an actor, I just can't stand how directors want
him to continue to do the same thing over and over again. He has a lot
of acting chops in him. Look at movies like Deep Blue Sea (yes I know,
just watch him in it). He wasn't the same type of character in that
movie and he was great in it. The thing that hurt the movie a bit more
than the other two was that Gary Oldman was severely under used in this
movie. And yet again, they used him in the same fashion as a lot of
other movies he has been in. The dictator with too much power. The man
played Commissioner Gordon to a "T" and ruined it for everyone else.
The plot was a bit far-fetched. Why would Interpol bring in an outsider
to move a prisoner? Even if they think there was a mole, the agent in
charge would know at least one person who she would be able to trust in
Interpol that could get the job done. Now, Reynolds' character is
supposed to be the best in the business but still. He shouldn't have
been brought in. The action was the second best part of this movie.
Reynolds has become one of the best action stars in recent years. You
can thank David S. Goyer for casting him in Blade Trinity. He is one of
few people that makes the action scenes look quite believable. Sure,
some of the moves wouldn't really incapacitate someone, let alone kill
them. Still, looked believable. The comedy was the best part. Which is
the reason someone wanted to bring Sam and Ryan together. Of course,
they left a lot to be desired, especially with the ending of the movie.
There were so many jokes in this movie to keep a good count on.
Sometimes, you would still be laughing at one joke before the next one
came into account. I personally believe that you can tell how funny a
movie is by the fact you can't remember some of the jokes because you
were laughing too hard. All in all, I would say you should watch this
movie for the match up alone. There is no reason we shouldn't have
gotten these two together before this year, but we finally got them.
And, by the way the movie ended, I think we're going to get them
together again in the next few years.Rating: 7 out of 10



The Hit-man's Bodyguard tells the story of Michael Bryce(Ryan Reynolds)
& Darius Kincaid(Samuel L. Jackson). Bryce is given the task of
protecting Kincaid, who is an infamous hit-man. Kincaid has to provide
some crucial evidence against someone at the International Court of
Justice. First however, Michael Bryce & Darius Kincaid have to set
aside their differences. The Hit-man's Bodyguard is an awesome movie. Director Patrick Hughes
has perfectly blended the action & comedic elements of the film. The
action set pieces are superb. The climax could have been ten minutes
shorter. The highlight of the movie, is the witty banter between Ryan
Reynolds & Samuel L. Jackson. Ryan Reynolds is brilliant as Michael
Bryce. Samuel L. Jackson is spectacular as Darius Kincaid. Together,
Reynolds & Jackson are hysterical in all their scenes together. I hope
they team up for another movie, soon. Gary Oldman is amazing as
Vladislav Dukhovich. Elodie Yung is great as Amelia Roussel. Salma
Hayek is outstanding as Sonia Kincaid. The supporting cast is
impressive. The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a must watch for action comedy
enthusiasts & fans of Ryan Reynolds & Samuel L. Jackson. Go, have a
blast!



I like this movie. It has been a long while with all the boring super
heroes movies. This movie is fun, full of actions, surprises, and also
has something for grow-up to think about. The script was well written,
everything falls together at the end. ... It has been a long while with
all the boring super heroes movies. This movie is fun, full of actions,
surprises, and also has something for grow-up to think about. GO SEE
IT.



It was one of the better movies I've seen in the past few years, I'll
give it that. I would've given it 10 stars, if it hadn't been for the
fact that it was dragged out by mindless, killing scenes or just
continuous gun shooting. The other problem I have with it is that it
has an overdone "moral" at the end, and some of the jokes were too
forced, and all that political theme is also overdone. They could've
worked out some of the background and reasoning for the characters'
behavior better to be more creative.If you're reading reviews on here because you're going to the movies
tonight, I would suggest, if you want a comedy, to go see Logan Lucky
instead(it's funnier), or if you don't care if it's funny or not, Wind
River is also a lot better than this movie.


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Dear readers, now I am reviewing Hit-man's Bodyguard the movie. Well,
the title of the movie is not special because we can know whether this
movie is about Hit-man or about Bodyguard or combination between them,
and we can also know that this is an action movie. Like other action
movie, this movie contains the blood and bleeding scenes, sexually
contents and hard languages, rude scenes, etc., so if there are
children with you to watch this movie, make sure that you activate
parental advisory ethics. For the story review, this movie is telling
us about how a Hit-man and a Bodyguard who meet each other, struggling
together, and being partner to defeat a Belarussian dictator. While
Samuel L. Jackson (Hit-man) meet Ryan Renolds (Bodyguard) in action
movie, everybody knows that this movie is packed with cool scenes and
some comedies. Yes it is. I can tell you that this movie can make the
audience a good feeling to respect the Interpol, as well as laughing at
the same time, because this movie's good points is not just about easy
plot of the story, but also the laughable scenes in the middle of
troubles. Until then, this movie is quite fun, but I can give some
critics, well I am movie reviewer. First of my critic is about some
plots that are forced to be happened, for example when the the Hit-man
saves the Bodyguard in many scenes, the audience never know how the
Hit-man can detect the Bodyguard's location, this thing just happen in
movie, hard to be copied in the real life. The second critic is about
the appearance of international justice system of ICC. It is true that
ICC can hold trial against dictators around the world, but why this
movie is choosing a Belarussian case. According to Edward Said's
Orientalism, this is the view of the Western politic that construct the
idea of ex-Russian countries are having trouble with corruption and
dictator-ism. Well, but those points of critic are not reducing the fun
feeling of watching this movie, to see the beautiful city of Amsterdam,
the handsome Ryan Renolds, and the sexy Salma Hayek. The scenes style
of running, surviving, combating, and shooting are look like James Bond
movie and the plots that are easy predictable and hard-dying main
actors are definitely look like Die Hard, that's why I said this movie
is the combination of James Bond and Die Hard. Happy watching, action
movie lovers!



The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a great movie with a very well written plot
and a top notch cast. It is great fun from start to finish, an
enjoyable buddy comedy with a bit of a twist. The film is as hilarious
as it is action packed, containing both moments that had me in stitches
as well as parts that kept me at the edge of my seat, a very impressive
mix of both genres that really kept me entertained. The soundtrack is
also excellent, featuring countless classics, one of those movies that
you will find yourself singing along to and looking up the music
afterwards. It was certainly inconsistent on some aspects and was not as great as
it could have been, there was definitely potential there for this to be
a nine. For one thing, the love plot line fails to take me away, as
much as I liked Jackson and Hayak's characters, we never see them in
the same scene together and thus do not really care for them to
reunite. Gary Oldman's character was also flat as the main antagonist,
I had no gripes with this flawless actors performance, but his dialogue
was so flat that he was never a real threat to the main characters. The cast itself is stellar, Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson have a
beautiful chemistry together and you can tell they got along very well
on set. Salma Hayak also has some terrific, clearly improvised scenes
that really stand out, and Oldman is stellar as always, showing his
versatility. Great, simple fun. While it's nothing flawless, The Hit-man's Bodyguard
can be forgiven for how entertaining it truly is, I would recommend it
to anyone looking for a good action or comedy. A high class bodyguard is teamed up with a ruthless hit-man in order to
get him to a trial on time. Best Performance: Samuel L. Jackson



Everything about this movie, from the acting and directing to the
writing and special effects, was well done. Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan
Reynolds brought their A-game. I laughed, I gripped the edge of my
seat, and when the credits started to roll, I wondered how 2 hours had
gone by so fast. I see a lot of movies, and this was the best action
movie I've seen in years.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


I was super excited to see this film. I distinctly remember at the end
of watching Deadpool Ryan Reynolds turning to the camera and saying,
"What, you waiting for Sam Jackson to show up?" And that got me
thinking: how cool would it be for that to actually happen? And guess
what! It happened!There's just a few catches to this dream team however.The comedy is, for the most part, on point. I know comedy is subjective
(though in reality, it's just whatever makes you laugh is subjective),
so this movie isn't going to be for everyone. If you don't like lots of
cursing, this is not the movie for you. But if you remember all of Sam
Jackson's best moments (ENOUGH IS ENOUGH... SAY WHAT AGAIN... you know,
the usual), this movie's got some of the best. He's got a genuine
character outside of saying mothaf-ah a literal ton of times, and when
he's funny, he's hilarious. Ryan Reynolds complements him perfectly.
There's a scene midway through where Sam Jackson is in a populated area
shooting at Russian agents... no context... and Reynolds is just
talking to a dude behind a counter about Jackson's life. Acting all
casual while the background is just in utter chaos. It's hilarious!Thankfully the movie is funny enough to carry everything else. There
are a few serious problems that prevent me from loving it even more.
The plot is easy to follow, but it felt more as an excuse to tell great
jokes. You can just tune it out and enjoy this movie as a
roadtrip-comedy between the two actors. But the plot is trying way too
hard in the background. Sirius Black/Commissioner Gordon is a Russian
dictator who's in court because of his heinous crimes. And Jackson is
the only person with evidence. Despite this, the only reason Black is
in the court is because he killed several hundred people who disagreed
with his ideas of running the country. So the only reason the trial is
going his way is because there's a lack of evidence. Apparently there's
a whole website that only Jackson has access to that shows all the
bodies of the people he's killed. No one could hack into this website?
No one could call him and ask for the password? He absolutely has to be
there to testify? Okay.A few more issues before we wrap up. There's one really obvious reveal
midway through the film. It's so obvious that I audibly groaned when
they revealed it. I won't say anything, go watch this film to know.
Sometimes a joke goes a bit too far. They make a joke, and they could
end the scene. But then it goes on for a few seconds more and they try
and make another joke before the scene ends. Like in jail with
Jackson's wife, there's an inmate who cowers in the corner. They could
end the scene with her cowering. But no, the girl then farts. My
audience erupted with laughter... I just kinda stared.This isn't a movie for everyone. I can tell that a lot of people might
not like this, and this is fine. But for me, it did everything I had
to: I laughed and laughed and laughed. If you're interested in this
power couple, go right ahead and watch it.



Ryan Reynolds and Samuel Jackson were real funny and this was a action
packed movie very well worth it to watch at the theater. I really like
it and would give it a 9.5 out of a 10. It had a good story to follow
and there women Selma Hayek, and Elodie Yung were also hot and played
there roles GREAT, GREAT movie.



I give this film a 7 because it was pretty light on story and almost in
the B category, but Jackson and Reynolds are super funny together and
Salma Hayek's character was ridiculously hilarious. She really made me
laugh because I've never seen her do this type of character. There's no
big meaning in this film. Great mindless summer film.



Complete, gratuitous mayhem and a lot of people getting killed in
Belarus, Manchester - England and Amsterdam - Holland. Car chase, bar
fight and boat chase formulas mixed together in a reasonably
interesting way while the plot funnels in towards a formulaic "must be
there at a certain place and time." An awful lot of BMW X5's get
written off though they are all older Mk I's spiffed up to look new -
I'm sure the budget could not have stood the cost of new ones.Not even remotely PG.Strange how the movie is sorta funny - given all the people who
actually die quite horribly.Not a summer blockbuster but 8 out of 10



i have to say i was excited going into this one seeing as i had heard
nothing but great things about it and i wasn't let down in the least i
was laughing the entire movie and having a nice time when i wasn't
laughing this is one movie not to be missed if you are offended by the
f word you might want to skip this movie but aside from that i had a
blast and believe you will too



Ryan Reynolds & Samuel L Jackson combination is really good. They make
a really good chemistry relation for their roles. The story is quite
simple, but the combination of action and good comedy makes this movie
really awesome. Good comedy with good actor so really brilliant. Try
watch this film and you will forget your ruined day. Its so hilarious.



REVIEW - THE HITMANS BODYGUARD I did wonder how this would work or if it would work at all. 2 action stars sharing the screen, would one have a better part than
the other but......A full on action film with humour, basically a version of Lethal Weapon
but with the roles reversed. Actually if you enjoyed the Lethal Weapon films (no comment about the
TV version) then you will enjoy this.Make time for this film. Rating 10 out of 10


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

Good movie with lots of action and lots of laughing. As always great
game by Samuel L. Jackson.One thing that I didn't like is why they say the event takes place in
The Hague when the footage is from Sofia, Bulgaria?Despite that fact I recommend it to watch.



'THE Hit-man'S BODYGUARD': Four Stars (Out of Five)The new action-comedy starring Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson, as
a hit-man (Jackson), who's supposed to testify at the International
Court of Justice, and his bodyguard (Reynolds). The film costars Elodie
Yung, Salma Hayek, Gary Oldman, Joaquim de Almeida and Richard E.
Grant. It was directed by Patrick Hughes (who also helmed 'THE
EXPENDABLES 3') and it was written by Tom O'Connor (the script was
featured on the 2011 Black List). It's received mixed (to negative)
reviews from critics, but it is a hit at the Box Office so far. I found
it to be a pretty amusing action buddy flick.A sadistic Eastern European dictator, Vladislav Dukhovich (Oldman), is
on trial for atrocious crimes against his people, but there's not
enough legal evidence to convict him. Notorious hit-man Darius Kincaid
(Jackson) makes a deal to testify against Dukhovich, in order to free
his incarcerated wife (Hayek). Expert bodyguard Michael Bryce
(Reynolds), who's fallen on hard times recently, is tasked with
transporting Kincaid from the United Kingdom to the International Court
of Justice. The only problem is that the two are mortal enemies, and
they also have an army of bloodthirsty assassins (working for
Dukhovich) trying to kill them the whole time. They of course bond on
their adventurous road trip.The movie is actually a surprisingly cool action flick; which shouldn't
be that surprising (I guess), considering it was directed by the guy
who did 'THE EXPENDABLES 3' (and I'm a fan of that film as well). The
movie also has great chemistry between it's two leading men, and it's
quite funny at times as well; Hayek and Yung are also both great in
their roles too (and sexy). The movie does get a little long at times,
but for the most part it's a lot of fun. Especially if you like good
actions flicks, and Reynolds and Jackson!Watch an episode of our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at:
https://youtu.be/KR0HDeT91m0


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Trust me when I first saw the poster only it didn't attract me at all.
Even though I didn't click on that. But truly, I was so impressed with
this movie. It's full of entertainment. Reynolds and Jackson on screen
chemistry of the movie was excellent. FATAFATI (100% pure
entertainment). It will not disappoint you.



The movie is a spoof on an action flick. If you are looking for a
sophisticated and well developed story line, this is not it.There is a story, there is action and more than few lines that may
become classics. This movie is to be enjoyed with ice cream and good
humor.Great job all around...



Why can't anyone just sit back, turn their brains off and enjoy a movie
anymore? Does EVERY movie need to be Jason Bourne or some sort of crazy
twisty-turny thriller or something?When you saw Deadpool did you enjoy it? Was it an amazing Xmen movie or
was it because of action and Ryan Reynold's personal brand of comedy?This movie is great. You get the genius acting and bonus comedy of at
least two A list stars, with cameos from at least one other, and a
couple decent B listers too. Is it predictable? Sure. But is it still
entertaining? You bet. Stop trying to Siskel and Ebert every movie and just enjoy it?



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
        
         

The best part of the movie is the chemistry between the two leads and
the comedy which is somewhat juvenile and predictable but the actors
are great at selling the jokes.On the other hand we have a clique'd plot and action scenes that should
be fun but somehow manage to end up as boring.A good movie to watch on Netflix with your S/O or Friends but not
particularly special.



If you are looking for entertainment - the kind of stuff you can just
sit down and enjoy, a film that needs to deep analysis then this is one
option. The whole premise, the set up, everything is all pretty simple.
The characters are larger than life. But its the dialogue and the fast
paced action sequences that really hit the mark. The banter back and
forth between the two leads is fantastic. There are genuine laugh out
loud moments.



This movie was so good that I would watch it 37 times. here are some of
the funniest quotes from the movie. "What happened to the seat belt
rule MOTHERF@#*@!!" "When life gives you sh#@ make kolaide." "The other
A is for a**." overall I think this movie is a great movie. Not to
family friendly lots of cussing and blood, but overall a great funny
movie.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


. . . such as North Korea's Little Kimmie, Russia's Vladimir "Mad Dog"
Putin, or the latter's White House Sock Puppet, Don Juan Rump. Bringing
these murderous miscreants "to Justice" in some Netherworld Nation
overrun by hookers, prostitutes, and whores--as THE H!TMAN'S BODYGUARD
accurately depicts--is a surefire way to accomplish nothing. However,
assassin's bullets from Samuel L. Jackson get the job done without any
fuss and very little muss. THE H!TMAN'S BODYGUARD shows that someone
like Jackson's character can take out a target from a mile or two away,
armed with the appropriate sniper rifle. This often saves the cost of a
Blackhawk helicopter, one of which Navy SEAL Team Six squandered when
they took out Osama bin Laden (and the tab for a Blackhawk runs into
the millions!). Or consider the case of Saddam Hussein. America wasted
Two Trillion Bucks and counting, not to mention 5,000+ U.S. lives and
more than a million Iraqi souls, to string up Hussein, when someone
such as Jackson's hit-man could have wasted him for a few thousand
clams. It's High Time that we had a World-Wide Reality\Game Show in
which the Rotten Eggs in the Basket of Deplorables such as Little
Kimmie, "Mad Dog' Vlad, and Rump can be voted off the island (and
dispatched For Real before the following episode by a squad of
globe-trotting hit men). That way, when someone says "You're Fired!" it
will be like the Captain of the Firing Squad yelling "Fire!"



I had no double mind rating this movie.The acting from Samuel Jackson
was superb.Although the plot was predictable,the overall organisation
of the movie made it exciting to watch.Nice directing and great
cinematic work.This movie was great but shadowed by summer decline in
box office.



If you like your action consisting of average car chases with the 'bad
guys' leaning out of the windows firing 2000 bullets per minute and
hitting nothing, this is the film for you.Inconsistent in style, mostly sub TV material quality with occasional
bursts of something that's half decent. Seems like just about every
scene shot ended up in the film to boost it's massively over long
running time.I'm also at a loss as to why people find the interplay between the two
mains amusing. Poorly written and that's being generous.It seems most reviews are written by people with little experience of
cinema other than explosions and in this case poor ones at that.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***

