
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   
*** This review may contain spoilers ***



Peter Jackson has done it.  He has created an all-encompassing epic saga
of
Tolkien's Lord of the Rings books, and after coming away from the final
chapter, how does this rate not only as a film on its own, but as a part
of
the whole?Perfect.I've never seen a series like this.  A trilogy of movies created with
such
love and care and utter perfection of craft that you can't help but walk
away and wonder how did Peter Jackson make this possible?  I have always
loved the original "Star Wars" and "Indiana Jones" series for their epic
storytelling, and just for just fitting in as a great moment in cinema.
This should be, will be, remembered with as much revered fondness for
generations to come.  They do not make films like these
anymore.As a stand alone film, it picks up immediately where "Two Towers" ends,
so
brush up before seeing it.  I've read the books, and the anticipation of
seeing some of the more profound moments in this film made me kind of
view
it with a rushed sense of perspective.  I wanted to make sure everything
in
this film was done "right".  And when it happened, it was.  I will need
to
see this again to enjoy everything on a more casual level.The cast comes through once more.  The musical score retains its beauty,
elegance and power.  The special effects, notably Gollum again, are
nothing
less than breathtaking, and simply move the story along.  The battles are
monumentally huge and exciting.  There are some liberties taken with the
story, especially during the end with the homecoming, and yet, everything
that needed to be covered regarding the main characters was handled.
After
the greatest moment of the series resolves itself, the story provided a
breather.  And gives a good-bye to friends seen on screen for the last
three
years.  It was truly a bittersweet feeling in realizing that there will
be
no "Rings" movie in 2004.  I will miss this talented group of
actors.As with the first two, the film is very long, but goes by without you
ever
truly realizing it.  This film is so much more than a simple "fantasy"
epic.
It's a story about strength of character, friendship, loyalty and love.
And while every member of the Fellowship has their part to play, I
finally
understood why some critics have said this series is a story about Sam.
It's his unwavering resolve that led the quest to its victory.  Sean
Astin
is a true credit for adding the inspirational heart to this epic.  As as
far
as the ending goes, they ended it the way that it had to be ended.
Jackson
ended this film the way it should have been.I will miss looking forward to a new "Rings" movie, but these movies
provide
hope that high-quality films can still be made without special effects
taking over a story, bathroom humor, or a "Top 40" soundtrack.  George
Lucas
could learn a lot from these films about how not to alienate the
fanbase.Each film has earned a "10" from me for the last two years, which for me
to
give is a rarity.  This one, however, is as equally deserving as its two
predecessors.  The Academy had better not look over this film for "Best
Picture" of 2003.  To do so would be greatly disrespectful of the craft
and
care that anyone involved with these films put into them.




Saying that this film starts where `Two Towers' left off is somewhat
misleading, for the film starts a great distance from the walls of Helm's
Deep. `Return of the King' opens with a flashback of Smeagol (Andy Serkis)
obtaining the one ring of power and an origin of his deterioration into
the
creature Gollum. This opening recaptures an emphasis that was somewhat
lost
within the epic battles of `Two Towers,' at that's the ring. The first
installment, `The Fellowship of the Ring,' provided heaps of exposition on
the ring's importance and influence, and in `Return of the King,' we see
it
pay off, big time.After the armies of Isengard have been defeated due to an allegiance
between Theoden (Bernard Hill), the king of Rohan, and the elves, the main
threat to middle earth is now concentrated in the kingdom of Mordor,
controlled by the dark lord Sauron. Sauron has turned his eye towards the
realm of Gondor, the last free kingdom of men, and the wizard Gandalf (Ian
McKellan) must warn Denethor (John Noble), Steward of Gondor of the
impending attack, while Aragorn (Viggo Mortenson), heir to the throne of
Gondor, and Theoden gather men to aid against the armies of Mordor. The
dark
lord Sauron needs only to regain the one ring of power to conquer all of
middle earth, and two hobbits, Frodo (Elijah Wood) the ring-bearer and Sam
(Sean Astin), must continue their journey, directed by Gollum, to Mount
Doom, the only place where the ring can be destroyed. Got all that? If
not,
you need to bone up on your `Lord of the Rings' before expecting to follow
this film.Since all three epics were filmed simultaneously, each individually has
the feel of being part of a larger picture - except for this one. `The
Return of the King' is just too big, the most epic of a set of epic films.
Now that director Peter Jackson has brilliantly constructed the characters
and plotlines throughout the first two films, he puts them to use.All of the characters have their best moments within this film. The
pair
of mischievous hobbits, Merry (Dominic Monaghan) and Pippin (Billy Boyd),
are no longer the tree ornaments they were from `Two Towers,' but are
split-up, and take their characters in completely new directions. Aragorn,
played with an unmatched sense of honor by Viggo Mortenson, is about to
meet
his destiny as the future king of all men, while Andy Serkis continues his
expert portrayal of Gollum (Serkis' provided not only the voice of Gollum,
but also assisted during production by acting out the scenes of the
computer-generated character with his fellow actors).However, the real acting triumph of the film is Elijah Wood as Frodo
Baggins. He continues his descent into corruption with an incredible
talent
that many could not pull off. Wood's performance is so critical to the
film
because it determines the ring's power to corrupt, which, needless to say,
is absolute.The first two films established Jackson as an incredible visionary,
shooting vast landscapes from his native New Zealand. With `Return of the
King,' Jackson really gets a chance to show off. With, hands down, the
most
beautiful visuals of the trilogy, Jackson makes `Return of the King' a
gorgeous feast for the eyes, while never resorting to McG level
over-the-topness. Jackson stays very grounded in his characters, not
letting
the effects tell the story, but only assist the wonderful dialogue and
characters. Think of `Return' as a mix of `Fellowship' and `Two Towers,'
with enough action and character development worthy of ending a film event
of this magnitude.The bottom line, fans of the films will not be disappointed. Hardcore
Tolkien lovers might be upset by plot changes and interpretations made by
Jackson and the other writers, however, it is unrealistic to expect a
completely true adaptation of the novels, being that film is an entirely
different medium. Despite the alterations, Jackson consistently stays true
to the major themes and ideas from the original text, while adding some of
the finest filmmaking ever put to screen. `The Lord of the Rings: The
Return
of the King' is one of the most finely tuned and cinematically perfect
films
ever made. Not only the best of the trilogy, but a crowning achievement in
epic filmmaking.    


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


I am, I admit, an unlikely convert to the religion of Tolkienism. I 
have never read the books, having, I thought, been put off them for 
life by the sort of obsessive freaks who read them when I was at 
school. (One classmate, then aged about sixteen, told me with great 
pride that he had read the whole of 'The Lord of the Rings' at least 
fifty times). I also have never been a great admirer of the 'sword and 
sorcery' school of fantasy writing or film-making; indeed, some of this 
genre (mostly those starring the current governor of California) struck 
me as being among the worst films ever made.

I was, however, persuaded to see the first in the trilogy, 'The 
Fellowship of the Ring', by its overwhelmingly positive reception from 
the critics, and was quickly won over by the scope of Peter Jackson's 
vision. I had been expecting some twee tale of elves, gnomes and 
fairies; what I experienced was a genuine epic (in the true sense of 
that overused word). Ever since December 2001, I have been waiting for 
parts two and three of the trilogy to be released. Neither has 
disappointed me.

The story of 'The Lord of the Rings' is too complex to be told in a 
review such as this. Suffice it to say that it revolves around a magic 
ring which will give its possessor immense power. The power-hungry Dark 
Lord Sauron (a figure who is never actually seen on screen) desires to 
obtain the ring in order to dominate Middle Earth. His enemies, led by 
the wizard Gandalf, are seeking to destroy the ring, which can only be 
used for evil purposes, not for good. At the beginning of the final 
part of the trilogy, Sauron's forces are massing for an attack on the 
kingdom of Gondor.

The film relates the story of the conflict which follows, and this 
leads to some of the most spectacular battle sequences I have seen, 
even more impressive than those in 'The Two Towers'. Inevitably, the 
film makes much use of computer-generated effects, but unlike many 
films dominated by special effects, plot and character are not 
neglected. The acting is uniformly good, and in some cases outstanding. 
Special mentions must also go to the camera-work, which made the best 
possible use of the magnificent New Zealand scenery, and to Howard 
Shore's memorable musical score.

So, looking forward to the Oscar ceremony, I have no doubt that this 
should be the best film and that Peter Jackson, who has amply fulfilled 
the promise shown in the excellent 'Heavenly Creatures', should be best 
director. Best Actor? I would find it difficult to decide between the 
competing claims of Sir Ian McKellen, who brings wisdom, kindliness and 
the required touch of steel to his portrait of Gandalf, and of Elijah 
Wood, who plays the brave and resourceful hobbit Frodo to whom falls 
the dangerous task of ensuring the ring's destruction. Best Supporting 
Actor? My own nomination would be for Sean Astin, as Frodo's loyal 
companion Sam, but several others might have claims, notably Viggo 
Mortensen or Bernard Hill.

Is this the best movie ever made, as some of its admirers have claimed? 
Possibly not- that is, after all, a very large claim to make. I have no 
doubt, however, that the trilogy as a whole is the first great 
cinematic masterpiece of the twenty-first century. It has certainly 
inspired me to start reading Tolkien's original novels. 10/10.




As a movie watcher, I tend to become bored with the constant, overdone,
overdrawn, underplayed, overdramatized performance and production quality
of
most Hollywood films. It's a trait that in recent years has sadly driven
me
away from most big budget American films. A decent idea will become
mangled
by the money making machine that is Hollywood, hoping to pump the most
raw
cash they can out of it before it drops dead in the street.We all saw the catastophre of a failure that arose from the Matrix
Franchise. Such immense hype and professed genius only made the failure
all
the more poignant for those of us that really wanted and expected more
from
the franchise.That all being said, I must say that The Lord of the Rings is an
amazingly
powerful visual experience. Not even just a visual experience. Peter
Jackson
has crafted one of the finest written pieces of our era into THE
quintessential epic. He supplements the brilliant storytelling of JRR
Tolkien with one of the most awe-inspiring collection of films ever
created.The 7 hours of film that leads up to the Return of the King is only
precursor though, when you sit and watch this film. It's just plain
brilliance. Everything about the film is wonderful. The manner in which
Jackson has arranged the scenes, detracting slightly from the original
flow
of the novel really helps to keep the suspense strong in all three story
branches. The Tolkien humor is intact perfectly and the gallantry and
just
plain coolness of these heroes is plain amazing. (Check out Legolas in
the
BIG battle) It's all just too much for words.If one were to gripe, and I suppose there will never be a film made that
one
cannot find a point at which to grip, it is painfully long running time
here. I personally believe that this is the only way such a film could be
made, true to the source material and completely engrossing, but I found
myself more worried about the pain in my posterior than the emotional
final
minutes after 4 hours (including ads and previews) that I had spent in a
cramped seat. As such, this will be all the better (at least for me) when
it's release on DVD (can't wait for the extended...get to see the
Sauroman
scenes that they cut out).As a film though, this is amazing. A true lasting legacy in story telling
and now cinema. Bravo Mr. Jackson.



Obviously, I'm aware of the fact that the Lord of the Rings trilogy is
actually one giant movie, but since it was released in parts, that's
how I'm judging them. The Return Of The King is the final chapter, and
since it is the climax and resolution of the epic journey, it has a
little more intensity and urgency than the previous installments.At this point everyone has come to know and love all of the characters,
and the stakes have become tremendously high. Kingdoms are at their
knees, and the only two characters who can save the day are getting
weaker and weaker. The tension was very high in this episode and I can
honestly say that out of all 3 this was the only one that had me on the
edge of my seat. There were many memorable scenes (one of my favourites
including the part with the giant spider)that made this the classic
that it is sure to stay for decades to come.This is the longest of the series, mostly because of the ending that
seems to last a while. This was a good ending, and I can see why Frodo
did what he did. He, and us the audience, have gone through an
incredible ordeal and I think we needed that 20 minute linger. When the
battle is over, and the celebrations have ended, there is a sad
emptiness felt. The films spanned over 3 years, there have been the
extended cuts of course, but after that, it's all over. Peter Jackson
gave us an ending that was both appropriate and admirable.These were some amazing movies and this one in particular is the best,
in my opinion. As whole, the Lord Of The Rings is a phenomenon. An
absolute phenomenon. Much more than just movies. They have a universal
appeal and have touched the hearts and imaginations of millions. I'm
one of them.Sorry if I'm being all fanboyish and kissing this movie's ass, but I
really admire it. It may not be among my personal favourites but
generally this seems to be the movie event of the century. There will
never be another Lord of the Rings film, and that's a bit depressing.My rating: 10/10




Frodo and Sam continue their quest to destroy the ring, led by the
untrustworthy Gollum.  Meanwhile the rest of the Fellowship prepare for
another battle to hold a human city against an onslaught of
orcs.If you check my other reviews you will note that I wasn't a massive fan
of
the first two films - I loved them, but was not blind to their faults.
However, let me just lay my cards out here, I was totally blown away by
this
film.  For the vast majority (and more of that later) the narrative
flowed
really well where the other two films had struggled to really keep
consistent.  Here the various strands work well together and, while
characters have only brief times to tell stories, on the whole it manages
it
well.  I got the feeling that the film really let rip - it knew this was
the
ending and it did feel that everything came together in a collection of
noise and energy which really made it feel like the final part of a
trilogy
rather than just a stand alone film.The one area where the film really stutters (and actually caused people
to
leave the cinema in annoying numbers) is ironically the place where
Jackson
is true to the book, and that's the final 20 minutes.  There is a clear
scene where the film ends, however it then runs for another 20 minutes -
which is a mix of scenes that all fade out like they were the end.  To
Joe
Public (ie me!) I would have been happy not to have all the loose ends
tied
up in the way the book does it - the film should have ended on a high
(with
the King being crowned etc) but instead it seems to crawl to an end in a
way
that is not in line with the momentum of the film (if not the whole
trilogy!)  This problem is minor on the grand scheme of things, but I
would
rather have left the cinema on my high than be made to wonder `when's
this
ending? Is this the end now? Oh, maybe this is it now?' - but I do
understand why it was done this way.The cast, as they have been all the way, are excellent.  Wood's Frodo
changes well during this film while Astin is touching in his portrayal of
unerring friendship.  Bloom and Rhys-Davis had less to do but came into
their own during the battle scenes - adding both action and the odd comic
touch (`that still counts as one' being accepted by the audience as a
chance
to break the tension).  Mortensen is the title character and serves it
well,
with McKellen also continuing his strong role.  I could list through the
whole cast but I will stick with noting two things.  Firstly, both
Monaghan
and Boyd had bigger and more meaningful roles and rose to them well.
Secondly I continue with my belief from the second film that Serkis is
the
stand out actor of the trilogy.  His Gollum is so much more than an
effect -
he is tragic, fearsome, hateful and funny.  Praise of course goes to the
special effects for making this character tell so much with an expression
but to pretend that the work of the actor is secondary to the character
(as
opposed the look) is foolish.  He deserved one for Two Towers so I hope
an
Oscar goes his way.  It was a shame to not have screen time for Lee but
the
film works well without him and it was a brave move by the
editors.The special effects do not stand out - and that's a compliment.  Even in
state of the art movies of late I have been aware that I could be
watching a
video game.  Here I only occasionally noticed that things were clear
computer effects, even though the majority of the film was!  This is how
they SHOULD be used - not as a draw in their own right but as part of the
film.  Whether it be the massive battle scenes that are spectacular or
the
animated spider or just the fact that I forget that Gollum is only an
effect, I cannot fault it's use of effects or the sheer visual feast that
is
this film.I have tried not to gush because there will be plenty of others to do
that
without me joining them, but it is hard to really fault this film.  It is
the strongest of the trilogy and brings it all together really well, it
is
an emotional event more than a film and, if Jackson needs 20 minutes of
slow
closure to finish it to his satisfaction then I can give him that in
return
for all the hours of wonderful cinema that he has given
me.




This is the final movie in the Lord of the Rings trilogy, and certainly
doesn't disappoint like some other trilogies *coughMatrixcough*. The
three
films had their principal shooting all done at the same time, which
lowers
their overall costs and keeps a good sense of continuity for the
films.The special effects, first of all, are excellent. While there's a few
little
things (a reversed shot with smoke flowing back into chimneys and
occasional
lighting that's a bit off), by and large they're excellent. The most
impressive thing about them is the sheer scale. This isn't a small or
simple
scene; it often includes thousands of digital characters combined with
filmed actors and action, sweeping landscapes, and dozens of things
happening at once. This is a good reason to see it in theatres; even on
DVD,
there's little details that you can only catch when it's on a massive
screen.The filming is good, although there are a few evidences of digital
smoothing
and cutting that can nag at the mind and eyes of a picky movie-goer.
There
are a few interesting shots, but most are fairly plain and straight on,
getting the point across without being dazzling. New Zealand's landscapes
provide a great backdrop for everything going on, and there really are
some
beautiful places, especially up in the mountains. I hear land prices are
quite good, what with the orcs warring and everything, so you may want to
look into real estate purchases now.Sound has been said to make 75% of the emotional impact of any
production.
This is a loud 75%. All the sound effects are very well pulled off, sound
appropriate, and are generally loud. The Nazgul screeching was bordering
on
painful, but in a good way. Most everything has a distinct sound, and
it's
rare that anything feels out of place. In some of the battles, the roof
of
the theatre was shaking. The soundtrack fits the movie well, and Howard
Shore has done an excellent job, as with the last two films in the
series.Performances all around were good, but Sean Astin as Sam and Viggo
Mortensen
as Aragorn really dominated the film. They performed their roles
perfectly,
and came away giving a good picture of the characters. Elijah Wood seemed
to
be stuck with the same terrified expression on his face through most of
the
movie, almost Max Payne-style, and it grew old quickly. Ian McKellen, the
ever-wise white wizard, had a fair bit of dialogue which he delivered
well;
my only complaint is he had too much in the way of wistful sayings
leading
to scene changes. Orlando Bloom, favorite of young teenage girls
everywhere,
had a few more action sequences (which got cheers from the aforementioned
girls) which were quite well pulled off, but his acting wasn't much
tested
by this film. John Rhys-Davies continued with Gimli's joking performance;
he's really too amusing to take seriously, but does a good job at
it.For the old Tolkien fans, this movie stays quite close to the book,
although
they did have to omit some portions, most notably the taking and retaking
of
the Shire and the time spent in the Halls of Healing in Minas Tirith.
Hopefully some of this will show up in the Extended Edition on DVD.
Shelob's
attack was left until this film, and much of the time spent in Mordor was
shortened for the sake of pacing, and it was a good decision.My favorite scene would have to be the battle at Minas Tirith. The
incredible scope of the battle, with the special effects, sounds, and
many
close-ups of pieces of the action, make for an exciting scene. The visual
effects especially are stunning; the 'oliphaunts' play a big part in the
action, and they're entirely created by computer. There's also some wide
shots with tens of thousands of digital characters marching on the field
of
battle, and even the individual actions have the masses warring as a
backdrop. It's worth your movie-going dollar simply to watch this on a
large
screen. It was also intermingled with some smaller events inside Minas
Tirith, so it's not pure battle for the whole of the scene, and it keeps
it
from being dreary or heavy-handed.Overall, this is a movie well worth watching, and even paying to see in a
theatre. I'd recommend against bringing small children, as there are some
scary images, and they'd also be a distraction during the final movie in
what will probably remain the series of the decade. Not a particularly
great
date movie, either...this is a real, bring-your-friends big movie. Five
out
of five decapitated orcs (and trust me, there were a lot more than
that).




Feeling weary and battle-worn, I have just staggered out of the cinema
after
three and a half hours of special effects creatures fighting other
special
effects creatures. I had taken refreshments but barely touched them -
probably because the film I had watched is one of the most mesmerising,
evocative, inspiring, and awesome I have witnessed of any big adventure
epic. Not to mention superb ensemble acting, moods that shift
effortlessly
between mediaeval battles of colossal proportions and convincing
bloodshed,
beauty and wonderment, fantastic natural and artificial landscapes and
cityscapes, touches of humour, well-paced dramatic tension, and human
bonding that is moving enough to just let you dry your eyes as the
unassuming credits flash by.Return of the King is the greatest of the Tolkien trilogy by New Zealand
director Peter Jackson. Although I've seen the other two and read the
book,
I felt it would also stand alone well enough for people who hadn't done
either.The storytelling is much more professional that the first one - which
maybe
laboured to introduce so much information - or the second one - which has
little let up from the tension of long battle scenes. In Return of the
King,
there is an emotional sting at the start, as we watch the transformation
of
Gollum from warm, fun-loving guy to murderous, mutated wretch. The movie
then moves deftly between different segments of the story - the sadness
of
the lovely soft-focus Liv Tyler as fated Arwen whose travails and woman's
love succeeds in having the Sword that was Broken mended, the comradeship
of
Sam and Frodo (Sean Astin & Elijah Wood) that is tested to the limits,
the
strong commanding presence of Gandalf (Ian McKellen) who keeps an eye on
things whilst turning in an Oscar-worthy performance, the ingenious and
very
varied battle scenes, and the mythical cities of that rise out of the
screen
and provide key plot elements.This is a fairy story of human endeavour, the defeating of power cliques
and
the triumph of the human spirit that could almost be compared to Wagner's
Gotterdammerung. It is a fairy story without any sugary sweetness, a
fairy
story the likes of which hasn't been told so well before, and is even
unlikely to be done so well in the future. The haunting scream of the
Nasgul
stays with you, the physical attractions are not airbrushed, and the
battles
are about as far from pantomime characters waving wooden swords as you
can
get. The ingenious monsters keep you on the edge of your seat. The whole
narrative maintains the spirit (if not archival, detailed accuracy) of
the
original and makes you want to read the book (or read the book
again!)The worst I can say about it is that it is maybe a tad long - but not
that
you'd notice . . .



*** This review may contain spoilers ***


                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


This is one of the greatest films I have ever seen. It has everything!
The battle scenes are wonderful especially, and since the first hour is
drama, the action really gets to you and you feel like you're really
there (that is, terrified). You care about the characters more than
anything in this film, so it's scary watching a battle scene for the
first time because it's extremely unpredictable and you don't want your
characters to die (a few of them do). However, the battle scenes are
also very well done with a great mix of live-action and cgi. Although
this is a PG-13 film, Jackson really went over the limit with his
battles; there is blood, gore, limbs cut off, people on horses being
crushed and kicked through the air by giant elephants called Mumakil;
you see orcs shoot a million arrows at an oncoming rohan army, and when
they hit the horses, they flop to the ground and the riders hit it hard
and are thrown; you see armies crushing other armies in waves
(literally!); you see rocks from catapults hit and crush people in the
wonderfully-made city, immense destruction, trolls whacking people and
crushing them with their clubs, and so on. There is a lot of violence i
haven't gotten to describe! That explains the sheer immensity of this
film! And remember those gargoyles from the second film they call
Nazgul? Well, let's just say Gondorian soldiers taste good and are fun
to pick up and drop from 1,000 feet in the air! However, violence and
gigantic battles is not only what makes this film great. What makes it
great are the characters, who you love so much, the music, which is
some of the best I ever heard, and most of all the visuals. They are
very amazing and beautiful. Even Minas Morgul, the dark city of Mordor,
is an eye-catcher. The scenery of New Zealand-which is where this work
of art was filmed-is just wonderful.The special effects are also some of the best i've ever seen. The
oliphaunts (nickname for the Mumakil, the giant elephants) are CGI, but
not obviously. They are some of the most real-looking fake images i've
ever witnessed! The soldiers which get crushed, thrown, the horses that
are thrown, they all look real too, which is what makes the battle
scenes frightening! They look so real! The best special effect in the
film, however, is Gollum. He is also the best acted-character in the
film, and the best acted CGI character ever! He practically is real,
from his emotions, to his body, to the hairs on his head! His voice is
also memorable (i am trying to perfect doing it myself!). He is a sight
to see.The script is amazing, the story is amazing, everything is amazing!
This is one of my highest-recommended films. Thank you J.R.R. Tolkien
for creating this wonderful story. Thank you Peter Jackson for
interpreting this wonderful story to film. And thank you all for making
this possible.10 out of 10


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



I don't believe that Return of the King is a great film, or that
Jackson's
trilogy is a great trilogy in the sense that the Godfather films are
great.
That being said, I don't know if a better adaptation of LOTR could be
brought to the big screen given the challenges that face any director
attempting to make a film of Tolkein's books.  For that reason I am
reluctant to offer the following three criticisms:possible *SPOILERS* and tedious literary analysis ahead.1.  Jackson doesn't address the underlying themes dealing with power,
corruption, war, and so on contained in the books, or if he does address
them he does so lightly and in passing.  I liked Tolkein's books because,
to
me, they represented the attempt of a tweedy Oxford professor who grew up
on
King Arthur and Beowulf to come to terms with the modern horrors of the
World Wars.  Although the premise of the books was essentially silly,
with
plenty of elves and dragons and wizards, and the writing archaic
(Tolkein's
heroes are always "tall", just as heroes in Homer are always "godlike" or
"royal" even when they are being cowardly), there was enough about the
twentieth century tucked away that I found them well worth reading.
Jackson
portrays some of the horror of war (the children fighting in Helm's Deep
in
Two Towers), but his images are usually cliched (the friend dies, the
mother
loses her child) and the battle at Minas Tirith in Return of the King
ends
disappointingly with a big green CGI blob eating up the enemy armies.  As
well, the temptations  of power tormented every character in the books
who
came face to face with the Ring - in the movies it's only Boromir who
really
agonises.
2.  Like most literary heroes, the main heroes in Tolkein's books all
underwent some sort of death and rebirth.  Gandalf actually dies, Frodo
appears to die when Shelob stings him, and Aragorn undergoes a symbolic
death when he takes the Paths of the Dead.  There are (not very exciting)
reasons for this which go back to the earliest civilisations and which
have
profoundly influenced the development of a variety of world religions.
This
may have been too subtle for Jackson, however, as he adds another
sequence
into Towers where Aragorn appears to die and then returns dramatically.
As
a result, Aragorn's symbolic death and rebirth in Return of the Kings
loses
some of its resonance.
3.  Particularly in Return of the King, Jackson avoids simple, direct
storytelling and resorts to complicated action sequences.  I think part
of
the problem is that, in Frodo, Jackson had to deal with an almost
completely
passive hero - all Frodo does is endure suffering - while making a movie
for
a modern audience with a taste for superhero protagonists.  As a result,
the
sequence with Shelob becomes a tangled mess of running here and there,
falling, fighting, and reconciling. The climax, as well, with Frodo at
the
Cracks of Doom, suffers mightily in comparison to the same scene in the
book, which does not involve an extended tussle between Frodo and Gollum,
nor the painfully overdone "hero hanging from the cliff while his buddy
reaches for him and tells the hero to trust him" scene which we are
subjected to in the movie.In summary, Return of the King is, I believe, the best version of the
book
audiences are likely to see, given all the circumstances, but it is very
much a light version of Tolkein's story.



What a breathtaking end to an epic saga that will go down in cinematic
history as the best trilogy that was ever created (if it hasn't
already). The culmination of 10 years' work and the final chapter of
Peter Jackson fantasy adventure film series, The Return of The King
fires on all cylinders, as we follow our favorite middle earth
characters in a larger- than-life journey that will lead to the final
confrontation between the forces of good and evil. Whereas in FOTR and
The Two Towers when we were still learning about our characters and
their surroundings, everything about the ring's importance and power is
unleashed in this third installment and to great effect.With the exception of maybe only The Godfather Trilogy, the LOTR film
series is indisputably the greatest in film history (it was only the
second sequel to nab a Best Picture Oscar, the only other being -you
guessed it- The Godfather Part II). And what more can actually be said?
The breathtaking visuals, the outstanding character development, the
epic musical score, gorgeous set designs, the plethora of visually
striking creatures - there's never been anything quite like this on
screen before. And there never will be again! Never has a film balanced
electrifying action and substantial character development so deftly
while also staying true to the original source material. It will never
cease to amaze me how this was all brought to life. Through this trilogy, Jackson presents us with an unprecedented odyssey
of friendship, loyalty, bravery, self-realization and so many other
things. In the beginning, we are introduced to a fellowship of 9
individuals who are given the seemingly impossible task of taking the
one ring to the blood-curdling world of Mordor with the goal of
destroying it and saving middle earth in the process. Over the course
of 3 films, our characters learn so much about themselves, about what
it means to fight for what you believe in and for something bigger than
then yourselves. These themes, and the scale they're presented on,
completely transcend the idea of a movie and almost operate on a more
biblical and spiritual fashion. And perhaps no film franchise has given us so many memorable characters
as LOTR: Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimil,
Boromir, Gandalf, Elrond, Galadriel, Arwen, Eowyn and countless more.
And that's JUST the good guys. We are also given such memorable
villains as Gollum, Sauron and Saruman, in addition to the plethora of
evil Orcs, Goblins, Demons, Dragons and other horrifying beings. If you
think this sounds like a lot, nothing can prepare you for the sheer
scope and vast vision of Jackson and his team. The franchise also has
some of the most powerful cinematic moments I can recall from the last
40 years (Gandalf yelling "You Shall Not Pass!", The Battle of Helms
Deep, Sam carrying Frodo up Mount Doom). Iconic doesn't do this
franchise justice; it's legendary and it's immortal. It's Lord of the
F****** Rings!Above all, Jackson stays true to the major themes and philosophies from
the original source material while showcasing his extraordinary
cinematic talent and vision. ROTK defines what a "fantasy" epic should
be and becomes so much more in the process; it's a resonant
coming-of-age story and a masterpiece of storytelling and filmmaking.
There just aren't enough superlatives for this film. And for this
trilogy. And when you do finish it all for the first time, you'll be
left sitting there with a feeling of emptiness for having left this
magical world but a satisfaction in realizing you just witnessed one of
the all-time greatest films and trilogies ever put to celluloid. What a
crowning achievement by every single person involved.



It's fantastic that someone finally succeeded in bring Tolkien to the
big screen like this, and it took fantastic planning, and Jackson is
deserving of every award he's received - and he should have received
more.But there comes a time when CGI gets so close to but yet so far from
reality that everything looks like a cartoon animated by van Gogh. I
think these movies go too far without having much of a choice.The first part was enthralling because it was finally happening, and
the Ringwraith were fantastic. The second part surprised by the emotion
it invoked - it had all the flurry of a Lucas attempt at an epic but it
had guts and grit too. And Jackson made his cast look earthy and human,
and he introduced hormones into things that seem absent in the book(s).And it's a fantastic conclusion to be sure, but as with Titanic, the
achievement is first and foremost that it happened and that it was a
success. There is no way Jackson can get enough acclaim or recognition
for what he has done.All I've got to say is I don't especially appreciate all these special
effects. They come closer and closer to looking real but they will
never be convincing. Serkis is amazing of course, and he should have
received some sort of award. But there comes a time when the fantasy of
the mind is better than trying to paint the impossible on screen.A lot of people will laud the movie because the effects were so good;
this doesn't have squat to do with the quality of the movie. Like
saying James Bond's Aston Martin is cool, therefore
Connery/Lazenby/Moore/Dalton/Brosnan are good actors.No one can take away from Jackson what he did: a major achievement, a
milestone in cinematic and cultural history. But I wasn't overly
impressed, and in fact found myself looking at my watch wondering when
it would all finally be over. Maybe I was satisfied the movie had made
it and lost interest because I already knew the ending; maybe it was
the plethora of CGI wizardry that had me longing for Wiley Coyote and
his Roadrunner friend.At least there no one's trying to fool you into thinking it's real.




This movie, the conclusion of Peter Jackson's epic film series based on
the
Tolkien novels of the same name, was fairly good on the whole. However,
having read the books beforehand, I was disappointed at several aspects of
this movie.1. The Pyre of Denethor. This was my favorite scene in the book, but PJ
mangled it. Instead of having Denethor kneel down on the pyre with his
palantir, he leaped off of a battlement. This, while hilarious, was
outrageous also. It was funnier than most parodies, and that's bad. It
also
seemed rushed, whereas in the book, time was taken.2. The Wild Men. I don't know why, but this exclusion got my goat. I guess
I
just liked the Wild Men, Ghan-Buri-Ghan saying "Kill gorgun!" and the fact
that they still used a few big words. Maybe I'm just a
purist.3. The Mouth of Sauron. His exclusion irritated me also, and I hear it
will
be on the EE (Extended Edition), so I guess that's something to look
forward
to.4. SARUMAN! Why, oh, why cut his scene? Wormtongue as well. Those were two
of the best characters! 'Nuff said.5. Orcs. I was disappointed with the portrayal of the orcs, especially
Shagrat and Gorbag (who are never called by name, along with Grishnakh and
Ugluk from TTT). It seemed as if every orc line was yelled. Can't an orc
merely talk? Shagrat and Gorbag were, again, two of the best characters.
Tolkien's orcs were surprisingly sophisticated, and here they are reduced
to
yelling, angry simpletons. They even discuss post-war plans in Tolkien.
Therefore, it was disappointing, except the cockney orc in TTT. "Why
cahn't
we 'ave some meat?"6. Eowyn and Faramir. The love story is gone, and Eowyn is not as
disguised
as she should be (in the Battle.) Obviously it was filmed but cut, since
the
two look at each other at Aragorn's coronation.So, it was a good movie with a few flaws.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



I read LOTR for the first time about 25 years ago, at a time when you had to
look for the book in the darkest corner of your local bookstore. It was a
time when reading SF or Fantasy resulted in funny looks from your pals, and
raised eyebrows from your teachers.Now Peter Jackson turned this book into a mass phenomenon, and it is
suddenly very trendy to out yourself as a LOTR fan.
 
I have watched the directors cut of the first two parts at least ten times
on DVD. Both extended versions are very good, and I do not know which one to
prefer. My expectations for the third part were of course very high. After
all, Peter Jackson liked it best, so it should be the best part of the
trilogy.However, I do not think it is better than the first two parts. It is
certainly a very good movie, but there are parts, which I did not
like.
This review contains spoilers, is more a nit picker's comment, and may also
not be very helpful for people without a certain background knowledge of the
books of Tolkien.1. Intro: Each of the three parts starts with an intro. In the first we see
and here the background story on the war against Sauron with Gil Galad and
Elendil. Brilliant. In the second, we see Gandalfs fight with the Balrog to
a wonderful soundtrack. Brilliant. And in the third? Smeagols transformation
into Gollum, mainly pretty disgusting...and not necessary for the
understanding of the plot (we heard all about that already in the second
part). Also, I found the acting not convincing. All together a week start,
and not in the same league as the first parts.2. Isengard scene: Where was Saruman? What was that scene for? Just for
Pippin to find the Palanthir in the muck? I surely hope that we get to see
more on the DVD.3. To much of weary, dirty hobbits in the mud. The pacing is pretty slow,
Gollum's schizophrenia was well established in part II. Not necessary for
the plot and the movie.4. Arwen: My most loathed character of all three movies. Named third in the
credits for a few unnecessary scenes. She acts like a young American girl
(what she is) and not like a three thousand year old grand-grand-grand-grand-grand-grand-grand-grand-aunt
of Aragorn. What a difference in the few scenes we see with
Galadriel!5. Aragorn: The title is the Return of the king. However, Aragorn does not
get much to play this role. In the book, he challenges Sauron in the
Palanthir and announces his return, whilst in the movie, he can barely hold
the thing, and gets unconscious looking at it. I look forward to the DVD to
hear Jacksons explanation of this unnecessary change. Also the path of the
death story line is not convincing. If you read this in the book, it has a
different flavour to it. The Death never fought in Minas Tirith, but for the
movie it may have been useful, since it allowed to clean Minas Tirith of
Orcs within a few seconds (Orcs, who had no business being there in the
first place!).
The unforgivable omission in Aragorn's character is that they did not show
him as a healer. The Hands of the King are the Hands of a Healer. This is
one of the most important parts of the third book, because it establishes
Aragorn's right to the throne of Gondor, and gives him almost God like
powers. To leave that out whilst wasting so much time on other redundant
parts is very sad.6. Battle scenes: I must admit that the attack of the Rohirim is one of the
best scenes in all three movies. (and Theoden a much better king than
Aragorn, it was the other way round in the Two Towers! So Aragorn did not
develop whilst Theoden did). But there is too much fighting. Too many lovely
details of Orc gimmicks. From a story tellers point of few, the siege of
Minas Tirith (saved by the cavalry!) is a larger copy of the siege of Helm's
deep (saved by...the cavalry). In the book, the focus is not so much on this
battle. It is a small part of the Return of the King (albeit a highlight),
but in the movie, the battle seems to never end, the Orcs conquer almost the
entire city (they do not even enter in the book), and Gandalf has lost his
superior, god like powers of the book (after all, he is a Maiar, a sort of
lesser angel), except in his lonely charge to help the returning
Faramir.7. Denethor: What a caricature of the figure in the book! The steward is
portrayed as a Shakespearean Richard III type villain, who is totally mad.
Nobody bothers to explain, that he is fighting with Sauron in his personal
Palanthir (just to have the power to look into such a thing repeatedly and
NOT betray his people is something in his favour...)8. The fight with the Witch king: Very good movie adaptation, but still one
of Tolkien's inconclusive scenes. At Amon Sul in the first movie, Aragorn
chases away the witch king and four other wraiths with a burning stick and a
lesser sword (although the ONE Ring was within inches of their grasp!). On
the Pellenor field, the same Witch King is almost as powerful as Sauron
himself, and no man can kill or defeat him. Why and where has he gained so
much power?9. In the trailer we see Theoden knighting Merry on the top of Edoras. Did I
miss this in the movie?10. Shelop's Lair. All together a very good adaptation, three nit picking
comments: Shelop smells strongly in the book, so it is unlikely she could
sneak up on Frodo like in the movie. In the movie she stings him in the
chest or back (clearly in the middle of his body). But there he should be
protected by his Mithril chain mail! Also, Sam could not get the ring out
without destroying the cocoon.11. Finally, why on Middle earth did they not use the eagles in the first
place for this quest? I am sure Gwaihir, or what his name is, would be
understanding enough to fly Frodo from Rivendell to Mordor, if this would
save Middle Earth. But this is of course a question, I should have asked
Tolkien 25 years ago...Bottom line: I will wait eagerly for the extended DVD. Hopefully (as before
with Lorien in part I and Treebeard in part II), this will add the much
needed depths to the movie.



*** This review may contain spoilers ***


The hobbits approach the slopes of Mount Doom, preparing to dispose of
the cursed Ring, while the forces of good and evil are rallied in
anticipation of the ultimate battle. The film won the Academy Award for
Best Picture, the only time in history a fantasy film has done so.The Return Of The King is the longest of the three films, which suffers
from having to cut between disparate story strands, and - in its final
half-hour - stacks up endings one after the other, like jet planes
waiting to land, the director visibly reluctant to let these characters
go. Most audiences will forgive Peter Jackson for that, for this is a
fitting conclusion to a series of films made with tremendous artistry
and affection for their subject; thrilling spectacle is underscored
with palpable human drama, and it finally becomes clear why J.R.R.
Tolkien's books continue to ring such bells so loudly in the lives of
so many.



I haven't read anything by Tolkien. It is a great credit to these
movies that you can watch all three without needing to have taken in
the novels beforehand. This is an excellent end to an incredible
trilogy. The plot is engaging from start to finish, and this moves
rather smoothly, with great pacing. This is funny several times, and
there is very little of the annoying(and still easily ignored) comic
relief. I am thrilled to see Gollum turn out to be such a richly
detailed and thoroughly developed character. The meld of live-action
and CGI elements is perfect. You forget that not everything you're
seeing is really there. The effects are impeccable, in general, and the
imaginative designs, and boundless creativity are amazing. Creepy and
dark, this isn't actually depressing, in spite of many gloomy moments.
The battle sequences are intense, well-choreographed and awesome. This
has astonishing editing and cinematography, and has a marvelous look.
The acting doesn't let you down at any point. There is a lot of scary
and disturbing content in this, and it might be too much for children.
I recommend this to any fan of the fantasy genre, and, really, everyone
who enjoys an appreciation for the medium of film. 10/10




An adventure movie to match the great ones of the past, and the one to beat
for the future. The culmination of this ambitious trilogy is more than
fitting; it surpasses the first two films by quite a distance. Almost
nothing disappointed or bothered me. All parts of the story were equally
interesting. It was sweeping, it was involving, it was beautiful. One of the
few thing I would complain about is the villain. Sauron is boring and more
or less unseen. He does not feel very threatening. And his army of orcs has
been dull since the first film. They're just not very interesting creatures.
Fortunately, The Return of the King really makes up for these monsters with
a gallery of better ones. Some of them have been present in the other two
films, trolls and those flying dragons that the ring wraiths ride on.
They're more present here, however. Even better, though, those gigantic
elephants, ten times the size of a normal one. Oh, man, those are cool. Star
Wars fans might grumble that they were too much like the AT-AT walkers from
Empire, and they are. One scene where Legolas, the elf, triumphs over one of
them feels like a sped up version of Luke Skywalker's attack. But the very
best thing is a giant spider. Everyone knows that there was originally a
giant spider on skull island in King Kong, cut from the film because it
really disturbed a test audience. Seeing the spider in Return of the King is
like having that famous piece of lost footage restored. When all three films
are finally out on their special edition DVDs, I'm going to spend a month
combing through them to see whether or not the entire series of films isn't
just as good as this one, or perhaps as good as many of my younger friends
have sworn they were.



Even after the second installment's grand success, I was still afraid
that it will fail. The trailer was brilliant and promised a thousands
things to come. And then in the next 3 and a half hours, I was proved
wrong!This was the best conclusion to a great trilogy. I never imagined that
they could make it bigger and better than the last two. The previous
movies were just picnic. Not only the action sequences but also the
emotions run high. The battle scenes were really great. But I was more
concerned about the people we knew from the last two films who were in
it. You really get that feeling of "The Return". Unlike the first two, this
movie is stylish. The elements are more elegant, the story more bold,
the score more experienced and bold and the dangers more troublesome.
As Frodo and Sam march towards Mount Doom, the movie gets more darker
and hope really seems to fade away. One thing I learned in this movie
is: Never give up. No matter what happens you have to finish the task
because your cause is important. For me and all the LOTR fans, this is not a movie. What we thought of
as an action movie-of-the-week turned out to be an important lesson on
hope, friendship, conquering your fears and love. It's a cinematic
achievement that will never be defeated. This really is the king of all
movies and the 11 golden statues prove it. Go for it (Only if you have
seen the first two movies) 10/10


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   

"The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King" is the third and final
installment of Peter Jackson's adaptations of Tolkien's famous fantasy
novels. Once again the makers of the film have taken care with the
costumes, sets, scenery, models, CGI effects and Howard Shore's epic
score to create a convincing depiction of Middle Earth.Once again the cast delivers expert performances. John Noble joins the
cast as Denethor and effectively makes him into a despicable and
repugnant character. Three of the performances in the film were
particularly memorable for me. Bernard Hill once again brings authority
to the role of King Theoden and his inspiring presence on the
battlefield left me in awe. Miranda Otto brings strength to the role of
Eowyn and makes the character's best moments unforgettable. Ian
McKellen once again brought his commanding presence as Gandalf to bear
as he tried desperately to hold everything together.This film follows the familiar format of the first two films in taking
Tolkien's work and streamlining it to create a well-paced film. The
famous battle at Minas Tirith is on an unprecedented scale and the best
fantasy battle ever filmed. As with the first two films, I found the
added scenes for the extended addition interesting, but they didn't add
much above and beyond the already great theatre cut.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


The Return of the King was possibly the most-anticipated film ever, the
previous two installments of The Lord of the Rings having instantly
ingrained themselves on the movie going public's consciousness.
Personally, I held little fear that the film would fall victim to the
dreaded cinematic condition of sequelitis and fail to live up to
expectation. But only the actual release of the movie an agonising year
after The Two Towers would remove this uncertainty, and fulfill my
desire to see on the big screen the end of one of the great stories. As
with The Fellowship of the Ring, I need not have concerned myself. As a
spectacle, The Return of the King is by far the most impressive of
Peter Jackson's landmark trilogy. Unfortunately, like TTT, it has
flaws, but fortunately these are not fatal.Jackson's great triumph is that even with all its CGI wonders, his film
does not neglect its characters, in particular the relationships
between Gandalf and Pippin, Eowyn and Theoden, and of course Frodo and
Sam. Each resonates in the memory. Even in the midst of battle Jackson
focuses on the people into which he has invested so much time and care.
It's a shame Hollywood in general is blind to the possibility of
overwhelming spectacle co-existing with the human element of cinema.
The intercutting between the battle in front of the Black Gate and the
desperate struggles at the Crack of Doom is just stunning, with the
expressions on the faces of the each of the Fellowship members
underlining what a tour-de-force of storytelling this movie is. The
relationship of Frodo and Sam becomes the centrepiece of the movie more
and more as it goes on. This is the way it should be, because their
parting at the Grey Havens is the last act of the story. Jackson shows
that his sensitivity to Tolkien is still there, in spite of the harsh
verdicts of many who disapprove of the changes from book to film.
Ironically, the clamour of "too many endings" by those who hadn't read
the book demonstrates why the earlier changes had to be made.A lot of story had to go into this movie, but this is necessary for the
following reasons. In TTT there is a convenient pause in the story
between Helm's Deep and the Isengard reunion. After Pippin looks into
the Palantir the momentum is unbroken in the FotR movie until the end
of the great battle inside and outside Minas Tirith. Thus, a great deal
of TTT book narrative was still to be shown because the movie of TTT
left out many of the last chapters. There was no place for the Voice of
Saruman chapter at the end of TTT, because in cinematic terms it would
have been too anticlimactic, but more about that later. Also, Jackson
really has no option but to put Frodo's and Sam's fights with Shelob
and the battles for Gondor at the same stage of the movie. This makes
so much more sense than separating them and having to handle a buildup
in tension, then the Shelob fight, then another tension buildup before
the great battle for Gondor. The structure of the movie would have been
too cumbersome. Anyway, when Tolkien's chronology in the appendices is
read, you realise both events happen at nearly the same time.The worst consequence of the packing of so much narrative into this
movie is the underwritten character of Denethor. He is totally
unsympathetic, which is a mistake, because in the book he is much more
interesting. Jackson should have found a way to include Denethor's
struggle with Sauron through the Palantir, because this is the real
reason for Denethor's madness. In this film the cause is his grief over
Boromir's death, which also partly explains his treatment of Faramir,
but this sells the character of Denethor short. Not only that, but also
the death of Denethor is perhaps Jackson's worst error of judgement.
The fiery 100 yard dash and plunge over the edge is just ridiculous.There is nothing "wrong" with the arrival of the Army of the Dead to
win the battle, but its just not as stirring as the end of Helm's Deep
battle. The high point of RotK's battles is the charge of the Rohirrim
and their fight against the Mumakil (ie giant elephants), which tends
to make the actual of end of the battle a let down. Wisely, Jackson
does not focus on the green tide washing over Sauron's hordes, instead
he cuts back to Miranda Otto's wonderfully passionate portrayal of
Eowyn killing the Witch-King, then throws in the now-famous
single-handed bringing down of a mumakil by who else? Legolas, of
course.No discussion of this movie should neglect the Extended Edition DVD.
Possibly the greatest flaw in the theatrical version of RotK is the
omission of the Voice of Saruman scene, and insertion of a silly,
misleading line of Gandalf that Saruman had lost his power. But
unfortunately, as with the omission of the sons of Denethor scene at
Osgiliath in TTT, the scene breaks the flow of the movie too much, and
given the three hour plus running time, this decision was
understandable. As with TTT, Jackson is given a get out of jail card by
the EE, on which Saruman's demise can be seen for the first time. I am
sorry to say that I was not as generally impressed by the RotK EE as I
was by the EEs of FotR and TTT. Jackson is too self-indulgent with
Gimli's character. In the theatrical version of RotK I didn't mind
these gags, but in the Paths of the Dead scene in particular I found
that Gimli's antics spoiled the mood of horror and dread that should
have been maintained. All of that being said, the EE still deserves the
highest recommendation. It adds many important details, such as Eowyn
and Faramir falling in love. The LotR movie experience is incomplete
without it.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Weary beyond words, Hobbit companions Frodo and Sam continue their
journey to destroy the One Ring, with the sinister Gollum still their
guide. The film opens interestingly with Gollum's origin story,
capturing his descent into depravity and madness, finding the ring in
much the same manner in which he lost it. The ring has the power to
affect it's bearer, and not for good.With the battle of Helm's Deep over and Saruman's power gone, the
attention focuses on the capital of Gondor, Minas Tirith. There the
race of men must make a last stand before the growing might of an
unseen enemy, while those visible are more of a threat than ever. "The
Return of the King" in it's way is as much Aragorn's story as it is
Frodo's; a reluctant noble struggling to find his destiny who comes to
accept and eventually embrace it under the tutelage of the White Wizard
Gandalf. The subtle subtext of Aragorn's relationship with Lady Arwen
of the Elven realm leads to his triumph with no illusions for Eowyn,
establishing a noble grace and dignity for the new King.Upon my second viewing of the entire trilogy, I was surprised at how my
attention was continually drawn to the character of Samwise Gamgee,
Frodo's faithful companion. This in large part to the excellent
portrayal by Sean Astin, showing a range of emotions throughout the
film that proffered him as the most well developed character of the
story. He's a loyal friend through thick and thin, understanding
clearly that by the journey's near end, Frodo's mind may no longer be
his own.Gimli is another character to keep a close eye on for the understated
humor John Rhys-Davies brings to the story. The personal competition he
began with Legolas (Orlando Bloom) in "The Two Towers" finds comic
resonance here; as Legolas brings down a rampaging olyphant on the
Pelennor Fields, Gimli tempers his congratulations with "That still
only counts as one" - marvelous! With the One Ring destroyed, so is Sauron's awesome power, and a quest
resolved for the fortunes of mankind. The film's multiple endings
encapsulate just as many feelings in the viewer, those of loyalty,
honor, love, sacrifice and friendship. As a unit, the Lord of the Rings
Trilogy stand as probably the ultimate in cinematic adventure to this
point in time. Truly, I can only make one suggestion to make the series
even more poignant, that for a film that reveals the discovery of the
One Ring by Bilbo Baggins, the basis for the adventure that begins in
"The Hobbit".


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Wow, what a movie! It's not only the best of "The Lord of the Rings"
trilogy, it also is one of the best movies of the past couple of years."The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" is a totally
spectacular movie. It has some of the most amazing battle scene's in
movie history. The word spectacular isn't good enough to describe it,
it's breathtaking, epic and emotional involving. Who didn't wanted to
pick up a sword and shield and charge with Aragorn towards a large
number of Orcs for honor and glory?Even though the special effects are far from the best ever, Peter
Jackson is a master in mixing the special effect with real life action.
The use of it never feels overdone and the result is spectacular as
well as believable.I think lot's of people were worried after "The Lord of the Rings: The
Two Towers" after seeing the battle of Helm's Deep. How was Peter
Jackson ever going to top that great battle? Well, with "The Lord of
the Rings: The Return of the King" he topped it alright! The battle for
Middle Earth is something you've never seen before. Greatest moment was
when the riders of Rohan charged, it was really a moment in which you
felt the true meaning of fighting and dying with honor. Also great
moment during the immensely large battle were the fights against the
oliphaunts, just when you thought the battle was over, those large
creatures appeared! Really great moment.The characters are possibly at their best in this movie. No characters
need introductions anymore and we get to see the deepest of their
emotions in this movie, even Gollum's!Still the movie is not really deserving to be third in the top 250 here
on IMDb.com. It's also not really deserving all those Oscar's it won.
Like all The Lord of the Rings movies, it's great, spectacular and
absolutely breathtaking at times but not classic masterpieces in my
book.Also the movie is far from flawless. Once again the editing is just
poor at times and what was with the ending? Couldn't they just think of
one ending? I expected the end credits to start rolling multiple times
during the ending but it just went on and on.Despite some of those flaws it still is an excellent movie with some
unforgettable battle's sequence's. Truly a wonderful ending for one of
the greatest movie trilogies in history.10/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   

The conclusion to the Lord of the Rings trilogy. After many adventures
in the previous two films, Froddo and Sam reach Mordor, at last.
Meanwhile, the stage is set for a gigantic, fateful final battle
between the forces of good and evil, as Aragorn's army prepares to
fight Sauron's.After six hours of the previous two movies and much machinations with
release dates to ensure higher DVD sales, the series finally ends. It
goes out pretty much like it was all along - with a long, linear,
rambling adventure filled with fantastical names and places to keep the
nerds and kids enthralled.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


It is one of those films that never get old. It is a brilliant adaption
of a great novel. I think Lord of The Rings is the greatest film of all
time. I will give you the reasons. This is about the whole trilogy and
not just a single film.*********MASSIVE SPOILERS AHEAD**************Reasons::1- People used to say, it was unfilmable. The novels are really
complex. You will need multiple readings to understand them completely.
The world that Tolkien created is huge, there are dozens of characters
and each one of them is important. To know more about the some
characters, you will have to read The Silmarillion which is one of the
most complex books ever written. So you simply can't make a good movie
because you have to take care of many things. You have to remove
unnecessary things, give the characters proper screen time and take
care of the details.Many people tried to convert the novel into a
movie, but no one could do it like Peter Jackson did. He gave
importance to each and every character and you can't really complain
about anything (I still wish to see Tom Bombadil) And it's a single
movie divided into three movies.2- Brilliant direction, Acting, Music, makeup, editing, cinematography,
adapted screenplay, jaw-dropping visuals (I am yet to see a battle as
big as battle of Pelennor fields and helm's deep ) and almost
everything that makes a movie great.3- It's emotionally powerful - If scenes like "My friends, you bow to
no one", "Go Home, Sam", "Boromir's Death", "I can't carry it for you
but I can carry you" "Home is Behind, The World Ahead" and "For Frodo"
don't make you cry then I don't know what will. Its not a serious
movie, there are also some funny moments.4- It's visually spectacular - remember Minas Tirith, Fell beasts, Epic
Battles, Helm's Deep, Isengard, Balrog and the best one "Gollum" played
by Andy Serkis? He deserved an Oscar for that role.5- Acting is brilliant and every character plays his/her role
wonderfully. I loved Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen and Orlando Bloom
the most.6- It gives me goosebumps every time I watch it. Some awesome scenes
are - You shall not pass, King Theoden's Speech, Ride of Rohirrim, and
Aragorn's speech in front of Black Gate but there are many more.I have watched the whole Trilogy (Extended Edition) more than 25 times
and I am yet to find a movie which is better than LOTR. Some movies are
better in terms of direction, cinematography, screenplay etc. but LOTR
is a complete package. It's 11 hours of awesomeness. When I watched it
for the first time, I was in 9th class and I started having dreams
about middle earth. I dreamed about fighting for Aragorn. It had a
great impact on me.Some people think it's lengthy, but I wish there was more. My friend
didn't watch it for 3 years saying it's too long. After 3 years, he
watched the complete trilogy, and He wouldn't stop talking about it. So
if you are one of those who haven't seen it. Take your time and watch
it. It is a MASTERPIECE.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   


STAR RATING:*****Unmissable****Very Good***Okay**You Could Go Out For A Meal
Instead*Avoid At All CostsIn the concluding adaptation of Tolkien's trilogy,Frodo (Elijah Wood) and
Sam (Sean Astin) head with Gollum to Mount Doom to dispose of the
troublesome ring,whilst the rest of the gang brace themselves for the final
battle for Middle Earth.Having put my achy,fidgety,restless bum through the ordeal of the first two
movies,I found it only fitting to watch the concluding part (which would be
the longest part at a whopping 201 minutes!!!)Luckily,I happened to be
watching this one on DVD as opposed to at the cinema and was therefore free
to press the pause button at any moment I deemed appropriate in order to
take a break and watch it entirely at my own pace.I would certainly only
deem it advisable to watch this at a cinema that has a break for
refreshments halfway through.I think my school of thought all along really has been that of a fair few
others.If you were a fan of the books,then these movies will probably be the
equivalent of a wet dream come to life.If you have never read any of the
books,however,it's all likely to emerge as a big overblown,self indulgent
affair,as I think sadly has been the case with me.The ending especially here
is a real nerve grater,as it appears to come again and again after over
three hours of patient sitting and observing,only to keep droning on that
bit longer.Given the heavy handedness of it all anyway,it just makes for
even more of a labourious experience.In the movie's favour,it is a bit more emotionally involving than the last
two and manages to draw you in to the plot a bit more,although that may just
be because you know a bit more what to expect and so you've resigned
yourself to it that bit more.The battle scenes and cinematography in general
are certainly nothing to sniff at either.This is,giving away from some
laughable and not entirely convincing acting indeed.But,given how little the
story had already engrossed me to this point,it's all a bit too little too
late.It may have reached #4 on the IMDB top 100,but given I don't know a 'hobbit
from a racehorse',it's best use in my favour would seem to be as the
ultimate late-night cure for insomnia.**



Extra ordinary movie. Believe it or not, i watched this movie over 50
times. If you love fantasy, war, history genre, then you must see it.
What a story, what a graphics!! i just can't describe. Soundtrack was
just awesome.Acting was very good. The best trilogy of all time is
"LORD OF THE RINGS" trilogy



Best movie, of the best fictional world ever made, no doubt that this
movie and the franchise itself are marked on the history of movies as
the books are, Peter Jackson did a great job giving life to the
marvelous work of J.J.R. Tolkien, even going a little bit further than
Tolkien in the character development, in resume: 10/10



So there's two trilogies I watch over and over again, year over year
and sometimes even more than once/year. The Lord of the Rings trilogy
and the Swedish Millennium Trilogy (Girl with Dragon Tattoo).Lord of the Rings, Return of the King is my favorite of the three
because it's on an epic scale of film-making that we'll likely never
see again. From beginning to end, the story-telling, location,
dialogue, character development, direction, acting, costuming, set
design, cinematography, you name it, all of it is stellar in this film.
I was in love with the books and this trilogy, similar to Oplev and
Alfredson's Millennium films, adapted to the books in a spectacular
way, as to be rendered in a class of their own.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   

Lord of the Rings-The Return of the King is surely the greatest movie
ever made. I consider that is has the most fascinating plot ever written.The
universe of the movie is unique: a fantastic world which includes
almost every mythical creature we heard of.
Elves,orcs,trolls,hobbits,all these make up a charming atmosphere.The idea of a Ring that can submit the will of it's bearer is surely
unique is recalls all throughout the movie.Also, the love story between
Aragorn and the immortal Arwen is the most original one seen in the
entire history of movies. The fate of king Debethor reminds us of Greek
tragedies and the film contains great moral learnings,most in the words
of the wizard Gandalf.The fantasy and the charming, sublime atmosphere make me consider this
movie the greatest work or art ever created by mankind.



It's difficult to process something like The Lord of the Rings: Return
of the King: Its very nature defies comparison.There has never been a cinematic endeavour based on a more
daunting...or more beloved...literary work. There have never been
motion pictures of the magnitude undertaken by co-writer/director Peter
Jackson and his production team. The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy
will endure forever as one of the most bold and audacious enterprises
in the history of cinema. It is, quite simply, a seminal event. Other
projects (for example, a movie filmed in space) are already being
considered and may someday be attempted. They may challenge LOTR's
logistical complexities (or, at the very least, present a comparable
set of obstacles), but it is unlikely the numbers of people involved or
the sheer duration of the creative process will ever equal this effort.Jackson & Company have made believers out of millions of readers who
doubted the works would ever enjoy respectable translation into a more
"mainstream" media. They have changed the way production models are
approached for large-scale projects. They have forged what may well be
the premiere visual effects house in the business (WETA Digital). They
have raised the bar for all filmmakers to follow, and reminded millions
of jaded moviegoers of one simple truth: Love, attention, and genuine
dedication to (and appreciation of) one's material can overcome
inconceivable obstacles, and always...always shows on-screen.And now it's over.With the longest running time of any film in the cycle (early
indications suggest next year's extended DVD cut will clock in at over
4 hours long), RotK is an all-out assault on the senses. There are
times when it is simply impossible to take it all in: Armies of
hundreds of thousands clash beneath towering war beasts as deadly,
dragon-like bird-things strafe hapless victims on the ground.
Mountainsides erupt with pyroclastic fury as lava flows labour to
engulf our heroes. This film is off the hook, gloriously so.In tone and "feel", RotK rests comfortably between Fellowship of the
Ring's penchant for character-centric drama, and The Two Towers'
colder, more mechanical "war movie" approach. What we end up with, is,
in essence, an emotionally charged war movie sprawling in scale yet
intimate in heart, its effects are frequently overpowering.



I've just re-watched The Lord of the Rings trilogy for the 1000th time
tonight... nearly 15 years since the Fellowship of the Rings was
released... I still haven't seen a movie that's better, nor close, to
any of these three films. The casting is perfection as well as the
incredible acting by everyone in the movie. I can still watch these
movies back to back and not get bored. They are a light to this world
and wouldn't be the same without them.I miss the good old LOTR's days. The best movies ever created. The
Return of the King was the best way to end a thrilling journey through
middle earth!



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   
*** This review may contain spoilers ***



Thousands of comments have been made on this outstanding production and
there is little left to write that has not already been written or said.
Again, not surprisingly at last night's 'Oscars', the third film in the
trilogy took most of the awards.
Like others I could give glowing comments about content, acting,
production,
direction, visual effects etc. but will instead, convey what I consider to
be equally important;  that is the realistic and accurate portrayal of a
classic masterpiece of literature from one of the world's most imaginative
authors. I have tried and failed three times to completely read the book
and
I enjoy reading, but feel that I could now do so and have a better
understanding of the story - only because I know that Peter Jackson set
out
to retain accuracy of the story. Sometimes our own imagination lacks the
ability to see exactly what the author intended and if a film can help
that,
then it only adds to the experience. By timely coincidence as I write this
my computer screen saver has put up a picture of a mountain valley in New
Zealand - it must know what is in my mind. That beautiful country was
perhaps the ideal setting for the film with its mystical landscape
punctuated with mountain valleys, rivers, forests and open spaces. It
cannot
be far from what may have been in Tolkien's own  mind.I would perhaps add one comment about content. Although there was much
reliance on computer visualisation it was well-balanced by emotional
acting
like the characters Gollum and Gandalf. Although Gollum was a villain, I
actually was made to feel sorry for him at the end. Too many potentially
good films are spoilt by substituting acting for over indulgence in
special
effects. This is an art that the producers and directors of this film had
exactly right.I hope that the success of this trilogy will herald a new era in
film-making
of classical stories. Our literature has a wealth of candidates, and even
ones that have been tried could be re-visited now that such experiences as
Lord of the Rings have proved financially viable and immensely popular.



Overall, I am disappointed, though not surprised, by the negative
criticism of this movie. Indeed, this criticism exceeds the offering of
alternative viewpoints and the expression of other cinematic
possibilities and sinks into the realm of bitter invective. So many
armchair critics are currently competing with avid Tolkien, Jackson,
and movie fans alike in order to espouse the "true" value of Peter
Jackson's landmark movie trilogy. For it is a landmark event in cinema
history based on its sheer size and careful attention, praise and
evisceration apart. The issue that greatly irritates me and pushes me
to write is that many of the negative reviewers on this website have
such limited room in their imagination that they cannot conceive of a
world outside their own narrow framework. I find that a most sad
reality in light of the legacy of Tolkien, Jackson, and all good
story-tellers -- to create, to engender, and to nourish the growth of
any and all imaginative ventures.The problem with imagination is that it is an individual event, a
unique subjective experience that a single person experiences
completely alone. Those who enter into the realm of Art, Fiction,
Fantasy, and any degree of Story-telling agree (willingly or no) to
take that personal act of creation and primal nature and share it with
the community of human beings, each of whom has his or her own
imaginative context. It is a bold act of sacrifice, self-confidence,
and faith (spiritual, one could argue) to thrust the contents of one's
subjective reality into (to borrow from Douglas Adams) the Whole Sort
of General Mish Mash. People who do so deserve respect for the mere
creative act, the ability to foist forward what they believe is true.
From Homer to Bill O'Reilly, this concept of personal creation, what
Tolkien called Sub-Creation, is the essence of modern human existence,
and we owe it to each other to respect the right to creation history
has granted us.Therefore, in defense of both Tolkien (whom some on this website have
maligned) and Jackson (whom many have maligned), I forward that both
are imaginative creators in their own right, with different and
completely acceptable offerings to the world. Those who cannot tolerate
either for "mediocre writing" or "atrocious film-making" should offer
forth their literary or cinematic offspring instead of cunningly-worded
diatribes of their deep dissatisfaction with all that does not conform
to their inner reality. Then, we few who believe in and trust the
creative ability of all will be able to see how those critical inner
realities (so authoritative in exposition) match up with the rest of
our perceptions.Tolkien was an enormously talented, intelligent, and imaginative man,
one whose stories, though unpolished by experience, still managed to
attract a worldwide audience and devoted following with their luster.
Jackson's movies took the sheen and inherent value of Tolkien's stories
and placed it in a visual medium, a place where fans of LOTR could
witness and love the events and people they held so dear. Of course
Tolkien's story is imperfect; of course Jackson's movies aren't as full
as we wish them to be. Their great successes are that they still manage
to capture our imagination, to move us, to take genuine truth and
isolate it in a world outside our ken, a place where we see ourselves
better against a foreign backdrop. Both have created and done so
masterfully, with the intuitive grasp that is termed "genius." Tolkien
would have had much at issue with Jackson's movies, where plot
incongruities, lapsed character development, and visual splendor
overshadow the philological and melancholic overtones of his book.
Jackson admits he finds much at issue with Tolkien's book, including a
lack of clear character motivation, extended and largely extraneous
dialog, and heightened language not suited for Hollywood. But Tolkien,
despite his perfectionist griping and loathing for any film version of
his book, would respect Jackson for continuing the act of creation, for
taking his modern-day mythology and spreading it to as many people as
possible. Jackson has taken the beauty, the scope, the complexity, the
richness, and the loss that permeate Middle-Earth and shared those
leitmotifs with the world. Tolkien's characteristic "niggling" would
have prevented any such attempt (even Jackson's), but in the end, his
heritage lives on in beautifully conceived and executed films.I do not ask others to stifle their opinions of this movie or any
other. Indeed, continue to express the direst and bleakest of your
frustrations with the creative power of others, as it may lead you to
actually do some creation yourself. Remember though, that the great
evils of history, from Satan to Hitler to Sauron, are never capable of
creation -- only twisting, mutilating, mocking, deforming, and
misapplying. Be open to the vision of others and what they have to
offer, especially when that offering comes in the virtuosic shape of
Tolkien's writing or Jackon's movies. Look for the True in the
Secondary and how it manifests itself everywhere once you recognize it.This movie receives a 10 from me because it not only maintains
incredible faithfulness to Tolkien's themes (and yes, events may
deviate in completely separate and dissimilar media) but it asks
intelligent viewers to look deeper into the circumstances of its own
creation and beauty. From the loyalty of Sam and the weight of epic
history to the sacrifice of Arwen and the never-completely-won nature
of war, Jackson's movies capture the essence and heart of Tolkien's
tale, with the benefit of the director's own imaginative fruit as well.
The world owes Mr. Jackson its gratitude, as he has created another
world and another reality that so many can, do, and will cherish.One final word: There are few who would not rather be wandering in a
far green country rather than dwelling in their own Circles of the
World.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is, hands down, among the
most spectacular and magnificent films of all time.A short run-down of the plot: After the battle of Helm's Deep and
Saruman's imprisonment in his tower Orthanc, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli
and Gandalf re-group with Merry and Pippin in Isengard. There they
learn that the army of Sauron is planning a full-scale attack on the
largest city of men - Minas Tirith in Gondor. Gandalf and Pippin ride
to Minas Tirith to warn Denethor, the steward of Gondor, of the threat
from Mordor. Defenses are built up as the army of Sauron marches across
the Pelennor Fields towards Minas Tirith. A distress call is sent to
Rohan, still recovering from Helm's Deep. Rohan manage to muster a
large army, and set out for Minas Tirith, but the battle has already
begun. In the meantime, we continue with Sam and Frodo on their quest
to destroy the One Ring.A major achievement of this epic film is the character development.
Gollum becomes more cunning and sneaky than ever, and manages to turn
Frodo against Sam, who is desperately trying his best to get his old
Frodo back. Merry and Pippin are no longer just a source of comic
relief, both of them prove themselves worthy as they are split up for
the final battle. We learn about the true bravery and potential of
hobbits as Merry helps cut down the Witch King. Eowyn also proves
herself in the film, as she defies her uncle and sets out to Pelennor
fields with the other Rohirrim, and eventually destroys the Witch King,
and makes a very feminist remark while doing so. We learn to loathe
Denethor because of his hatred of his last remaining son, Faramir, who
really hasn't done anything wrong. The peak of our hatred for Denethor
is reached in the scene where he tells Faramir that he would have
preferred it if he had died instead of Boromir, his brother. And then,
right after that, Denethor sends Faramir into certain suicide, and
Faramir immediately accepts the mission he is appointed to, in a final
attempt to please his father. And of course, Aragorn learns to accept
his fate as the true king of men.In fact, the character development is so powerful that we actually
participate in the character's feelings. We FEEL Frodo's exhaustion and
agony as he literally drags himself across Mordor. We feel Sam's pain
as Frodo is turned against him. And, just briefly, we participate in
Gollum's triumph as he finally gets the One Ring. We are actually happy
for Gollum and just for a brief moment, Frodo becomes the bad guy as he
tries to take the ring back. All in all, Return of the King contains
the most moving, emotional and touching scenes in the entire trilogy,
and some of the best acting, especially from Sean Astin (Sam), Elijah
Wood (Frodo), Ian McKellen (Gandalf), John Noble (Denethor, he is very
successful in adding depth to his character), Miranda Otto (Eowyn), and
of course, Andy Serkis (Smeagol, and top-notch at it, just like in The
Two Towers).The battle of Pelennor fields may be THE most spectacular and epic
sequence in film history. Unlike Helm's Deep, Pelennor Fields shows the
true cleverness of Sauron's army. Orcs are not the only participants;
trolls are heavily used in the battle, as warriors and as beasts of
burden. The nazgul are very significant in the battle, and while the
Witch King didn't actually lead the battle as he did in the book, the
nine ringwraiths and their fell beasts still play a key part and do
lots of damage in the battle. We see just how powerful the nazgul
really are. And of course, the men from the south and their massive
oliphaunts play a significant part. While in Helm's Deep we felt
triumphant, in Pelennor fields we only feel the triumph briefly, as the
Rohirrim make their charge into the horde of orcs and trolls. The
triumph in Pelennor Fields almost immediately dissolves, as the
Rohirrim are trampled down by the oliphaunts. The battle is won, but
we're not happy, we're grieved for all the destruction, all the losses.
It's a totally different feeling than Helm's Deep, and makes this
battle all the more superior.Return of the King features the most magnificent visuals in the entire
trilogy. Whether they are of Minas Tirith, Pelennor Fields and
Osgiliath, Mordor and the slopes of Mt. Doom or the climb to Shelob's
cave near Minas Morgul, Peter Jackson really shows us the true impact
of these landscapes and images.Many people may complain about the changes in the movie, especially the
significant cut of Saruman from the end, but you must realize that if
they would have featured the whole part with Saruman the movie would
have continued another hour and a half. Don't fret; Peter Jackson said
the scenes will all appear in the extended version of the film. The
ending is long enough as it is, and the film continues at least another
half an hour after the Ring is no more. The hobbits return to the
shire, and Sam marries Rosie. Aragorn meets his fate and is crowned
king, and is finally reunited with Arwen. And of course, one of the
most moving scenes in the movie, in which Frodo gets on the last ship
to the Undying lands with Bilbo, Gandalf, and the last of the elves
(Galadriel and Elrond to name a few), and must part with his three
hobbit friends for good.All in all, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is one the
most fine-tuned, cinematically perfect films ever made, it's absolutely
flawless in every aspect. The Lord of the Rings trilogy as a whole is a
spectacular achievement in film making history, and all three movies
are together, without a doubt, the greatest epic ever made.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



It takes a miracle for me to go the cinema since smoking is banned in
cinema
chains but Peter Jackson is a miracle worker . How else would he be able
to
make me forget my filthy and disgusting nicotine addiction ? He made me
forget all about cigarettes for three hours with THE TWO TOWERS and I knew
that with RETURN OF THE KING he could make me forget all about ciggies for
a
record breaking three and a half hours . I booked my ticket for Rothesay
winter gardens cinema and sat down to be enthralled!!!!! SPOILERS !!!!!I do conclude there are some people in the world who can`t see what the
fuss
is about with the LORD OF THE RINGS trilogy . My parents seem slightly
puzzled that their cynical critical son loves LOTR . It`s simply explained
,
these epic movies aren`t a childish fantasy , they`re like David Lean
filming a Shakespeare play , but I do take onboard the criticism that the
story structure of the movies can be irritating . FELLOWSHIP is very
stop-start while the action intercutting in TTT can be annoying but ROTK
has
probably the best pace and structure of the three . ROTK starts with a
sequence showing Smeagol murdering his friend in order to get the ring .
This gives some needed backstory to Gollum . It also sets up its stall
that
it`s not a family film never mind a " childish fantasy " . In fact I
predict
that many of the children in Rothesay cinema will be having nightmares
tonight due to the scenes with that horrible big spider , it made my skin
crawl and the woman sitting next to me was gasping out loud as it prepared
to cocoon poor Frodo , you should have seen the Q for the toilet after
that
scene which tells you how convincing the FX are in this movie , nothing
appears CGI : Gollum isn`t computer generated he`s a living being and
Peter
Jackson doesn`t use camera trickery for fight scenes he uses million upon
millions of extras . He is David Lean reincarnated . No he is David Lean
AND
Will Shakespeare reincarnated , look at the way the cast act their parts ,
it`s like they`re appearing in the greatest play of the bard . Their
performances are superlativeThere are some flaws . I did mention the script gives background to
Smeagol
but the script - Like the other films in the trilogy - is somewhat uneven
.
John Noble`s character Denethor seems somewhat underwritten and I wasn`t
sure what his motivation was . Also as everyone else has mentioned the
false
endings are very irritating . When Aragorn is crowned king and the screen
faded to black the audience reached for their Jackets and bags then we`re
shown another scene lasting several minutes which faded to a blaze of
music. Everyone reached for their bags and jackets , then another scene
which...
It would have been better to have seen Aragorn crowned King and then seen
Frodo sailing into the distance but I guess after the screenwriters have
irritated us with the abrupt endings of the first two movies it`s somewhat
traditional to irritate with the end of the trilogy . These faults I can
forgive but there is an unforgivable cop out of having an army of the
undead
charging to save the race of men from the Orc army at the end . It didn`t
ruin the movie for me but it just seems so lazy and contrived which
stopped
me from thinking it was the best movie in the trilogy , it`s not ,
FELLOWSHIP is . But still this is a masterpiece of cinema which like
cigarettes left me breathless and satisfied and hopefully we`ll see it
sweep
the Oscar ceremony at lastAs for the Oscars themselves I`m puzzled about a couple of things . Howard
Shore`s score is beautiful and haunting but it`s far from original with
much
of the music in ROTK re-used from FELLOWSHIP ( The Gondor theme ) and TTT
(
The Celtic music ) while the omissions are even more surprising . No
nominations for any of the actors ! I know that all the great performances
would cancel each other out but it`s shameful Andy Serkis wasn`t nominated
as best supporting actor . Can anyone name a more unlikable baddie than
Gollum in recent cinema ? Me neither and no nomination for cinematography
!
I`ve no idea how John Lesnie`s camera was able to keep up with the action
and he deserved at least a nomination so maybe we`ll see the third
instalment robbed on Oscar night like FELLOWSHIP was . Even if it is that
doesn`t stop me and millions of other film fans from recognising the
genuis
of Peter Jackson . I bow to you Sir   


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


The Lord of the Rings - The Return of the King is by far the most
moving, inspirational and epic of the three parts in Peter Jackson's
take on Tolkien's fantasy masterpiece. After proving that this trilogy
can carry the weight of a truly enormous body of text with The
Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers, Jackson has shown that
nothing is impossible anymore when being brought to film, and that
fantasy can be surreal, but grounded to reality.I saw this film at 8:00 PM, and missed school the following day --
exactly similar to The Two Towers when it was released. After seeing
The Return of the King I was speechless. Never before had a film made
such an impact on me as this conclusion did, and now with it completed,
The Lord of the Rings is truly the best of the best.Jackson has treated this trilogy as one film, following to Tolkien's
linear time-line, and not the way the books were written, which makes
this a film that flows and never loses track of pacing. The dialogue is
emotional, be it the speech between Gandalf and Pippin before the gates
of Minas Tirith, or inspirational, such as the rousing deliveries by
Theoden and Aragorn. The vast emotion makes this a film for the ages.
Following our heroes adventure since film one, we have grown compassion
for each and everyone of them. Sam's devotion to Frodo is something
that can inspire, and the eu-catastrophe is fully used here once again,
because just as it seems that all hope has been lost, it shines through
the void and victory is achieved. If one were to fear that the ending
would feel like there was no closure, then have none, because The
Return of the King has a 20-minute denouement that goes as far as
four-years into the future, and the ending on the shores of the Grey
Havens brought me to tears.The special effects are nothing short of amazing. The blend of
miniatures/bigatures and CGI is believable beyond comprehension, and
the addition of New Zealand locales adds something beyond some peoples'
wildest dreams. The level of detail on Minas Tirith is something no one
has ever seen before, the massive armies sunder speakers as war erupts,
and we see the Mumakil and the Fell Beasts in full fruition, as hinted
in The Two Towers. What could've seem fatal, as cinematic history has
shown before, is the introduction of Shelob the spider. The special
effects team has created the most memorable spider in film history. She
terrifies and drops jaws at the realism of such a beast.The tension for the siege on Minas Tirith is so highly anticipated,
that the filmmakers have completely satisfied every expectation to how
epic it could've been. The scope is just extraordinary. The battle of
the Pelennor Fields is so huge in the book, yet it has been fully
realized in Jackson's film. The final stand at the Black Gate is so
emotional involving, it's hard to think that any action could top what
was previously seen, but it is done so with vision beyond imagination.Howard Shore's music is also some of the most impressive and beautiful
orchestration ever done for film. Besting its predecessors, The Return
of the King's score is pure genius. From the new theme for Gondor, to
the moving Into the West, Shore's composition sweeps and soars. Now
that each of the three films' complete recordings have been released, I
strongly urge a fan of the music to buy them, because they really are
the best of the best.The acting even surpasses the first two, having the evolution of each
character add to the dramatic effect, be it the loss of a life, or the
triumph over evil. Viggo Mortensen as Aragorn is like a Godsend. Sean
Astin steals nearly every scene he is in as Sam, making us hope he
helps Frodo get rid of the Ring of Power. Once again, Andy Serkis
provides a stirring and great performance as Smeagol/Gollum. The full
weight of the Ring is realized in this film, and Elijah Wood makes us
see his struggle like the Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers
only hinted upon.Overall, The Lord of the Rings - The Return of the King is remarkable.
The battles are amazing, never making the film drag, and always
heightening the tension. From the acting to the sound editing, this
film delivers in what it promises, and that is the supreme motion
picture of our lifetime, and many more years to come.




The journey comes to an end. For me the final installment ensures that the
Lord of the Rings replaces Star Wars as my favourite fantasy movie
franchise. In time the film will look dated, but the story and
characterisation far surpass that of Star Wars. The Empire Strikes Back is
the only one of the Star Wars films that is in the same league as
LOR.As with Two Towers, the Return of the King doesn't recap the story so far,
so don't even think of seeing this film if you're unfamiliar with the
story.
It starts with a flashback to Smeagol and means Andy Serkis gets to appear
on the finished print. Frodo, Sam and Smeagol then continue on their
quest,
whilst the remaining members of the fellowship are briefly reunited at
Isengard before taking different paths to Minas Tirith.The action is unrelenting and most people will not notice the running time
is over 3 hours. As with the previous films the combination of sets,
models
and cgi brings middle earth to life.I suspect quite a few of the performers will be in with a chance of Oscar
recognition. Miranda Otto is the stand out performer and is outstanding as
Eowyn and surely deserves the Best Supporting Actress honour. I'm sure
that
Viggo Mortensen, Ian McKellen, Elijah Wood, Sean Astin, and Orlando Bloom
will all have their supporters for acting honours and rightly so, as they
all put in fine performances. I'm not sure whether Andy Serkis is
elligable,
but I suspect the success of Smeagol/Gollum owes as much to him as the
animators. Bernhard Hill should also be in with a shout for recognition
for
his performance as King Theoden. My guess is that it'll miss out on the
acting awards with the exception of Miranda Otto. It's absolutely certain
to
take Best Director, Best Picture and a string of technical awards though.
My
guess is that it will be nominated for about 12 categories and take 8
gongs.Return of the King isn't flawless however. Saruman was cut entirely from
the
theatrical release of the film. We therefore missed out on the final face
off between Gandalf and Saruman at Isengard. This was certainly filmed and
will no doubt be on the extended edition. When the Hobbits return to the
Shire it looks remarkably like when they left. No sign that Saruman has
arrived back before them and taken over. In the book Merry, Pippin, Sam
and
Frodo help rally the rest of the Hobbits to retake the Shire, but at some
cost to both the hobbits and the environment. Merry, Pippin and Sam become
heros to the rest of the hobbits who are largely unaware of Frodo's
adventure and exploits. I'm not sure if any of this was shot, but it would
be a welcome addition to the extended addition. Personally I would have
followed Tolkien and got rid of 7 minutes of Arwen footage and kept
Saruman
in. Bearing in mind Christopher Lee's passion for the trilogy it is also
sad
to see him removed from the final episode. I'm quite sure Peter Jackson
must
have had a few sleepless nights over that decision.If Saruman's exclusion was the biggest blunder of the film, Gimli's
consignment to comic interlude was also a bit disappointing. I'm not
against
a bit of light hearted relief every so often, especially in such a long
film, but it seemed that every time Gimli appeared on screen it was for
light entertainment. The "That still only counts as one" line to Legolas
was
very funny though.Despite these gripes Peter Jackson can certainly be very proud of the Lord
of the Rings. Very few people thought it possible to do justice to the
book.
He has crafted a film that many people will enjoy for many years.




I admit it, I love all three Lord of the Rings films. People may say
Return of the King is the best of the trilogy, some may say it is the
worst. I personally think Two Towers is the best for its scope and
better exploration of some of the characters, but while it is still
great Return of the King is better than Fellowship of the Ring.My only slight disappointment is the ending, it does feel overlong and
bloated for me, almost as if there was more than one ending filmed.
That said, what does make the ending at least watchable for me is the
way it is shot, the marvellous score and the performance of Gollum.Despite this minor discrepancy, Return of the King is extremely good
and in my view one of the better Best Picture winners last decade.
Peter Jackson's direction is very impressive here, and the scope is
massive and just dazzling to watch. All three films of the trilogy are
very well made, but Return of the King defines the term epic. The
cinematography is mind-blowing, the scenery is superb, the costumes and
make-up are well tailored, the effects are superb and don't distract
too much and the lighting is authentic.The score is phenomenal. Fellowship of the Ring had some ethereal,
rousing, haunting and charming themes, whereas Two Towers was somewhat
darker and more complex. Return of the King merges these together and
the result is a perfect mixture of charm, darkness, etherality and
complexity. The story is compelling with themes of friendship, strength
and loyalty, the screenplay is well-written and literate and while the
film is very long the three hours or so fly by seamlessly. The
characters are engaging, Aragorn is even more interesting here than he
is in the previous films while Gollum continues to steal every scene he
appears in.The acting is very good. Orlando Bloom(who I can find dashing yet
uncharismatic and bland) and John Rhys-Davies are given less to do but
do carry their parts very well, and Elijah Wood is likable enough. Sean
Astin captures Sam perfectly and provides the heart of the picture, and
Viggo Mortenssen is at his charismatic best here. Ian McKellen is
perfectly cast, while the design of Gollum is still superb and Andy
Serkis is equally phenomenal. I was slightly disappointed by the lack
of any Sarauman, but I was more than I was satisfied with the final
result.All in all, an outstanding entry to a great trilogy. 10/10 Bethany Cox



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   
*** This review may contain spoilers ***


Many were aware of the inaccuracies that would be produced and the
story that would fade away slightly from the books, even Peter Jackson
new this, when bringing to life the complexity, symbolism and
brilliance that is Tolkien's world - of Middle-earth, Valinor and the
once great realm of Numenor. Tolkien forged histories and wrought
countries and continents geographically and to the utmost accuracy,
devising languages and alphabets for each of these countries'
inhabitants: Elves, Men, Dwarfs, Hobbits... etc. I am a Tolkien Scholar
and it is very rare that I ever come across another, of my extent of
knowledge and love of his work, that actually do not resent the film
adaptions in the slightest! I went to the cinema in 2001 expecting an
action-packed misuse of CGI but... You know the rest: the movies
(Fellowship and Two Towers) remained as loyal to the novels as any
Director/Screenwriter would be willing to be, without trying to open
the immense story - of friendship, love, sacrifice and darkness - to a
wider audience - which I took into account as I sat on the front row,
about to witness a masterwork in movie history.2003 came and the final installment was about to open. Again I say on
the front row and awaited The Return of the King - they DID save best
for last!!! WHAT A MOVIE!!!!! And, if I may say so, Peter Jackson's
additions - including Pippin's Song and the Eye of Sauron - are
improvements to the film. It expresses the deep emotion that lies
beneath all the torment of the War of the Ring so well that it is
undoubtedly one of the greatest war movies ever (even though it is a
fantasy) standing, side by side, with Saving Private Ryan and Paths of
Glory. The Return of the King is the best LOTR movie (no matter what any
critic will say about its extreme run time - I only watch the 4 hour
extended edition, when I watch it at home) and The Lord of the Rings,
as a whole, is - for me - quite simply the best movie of all time,
based on the best book of all time.



Honestly if you haven't seen this movie yet why are you wasting your
time reading reviews go watch it immediately. Granted it's been at
least a year since I last watched the LOTR trilogy but I can still say
without a doubt this is the best one of the three. In my opinion is was
much more satisfying than the hobbit trilogy as well. Also you don't
have to be a fan of fantasy or anything (which is unlikely in the age
of GoT) to enjoy this movie, I guarantee anyone would enjoy this movie
as long as they pay attention.Easily 10/10



The best part of the trilogy.I enjoyed as I watched this movie. It's so good I can watch over and
over again. Definitely the most emotional part of the trilogy of the
series. It's too bad the movie is permanently ended.I wish to record
another part of this film.



I watch all movies (about 12 hours) in one shot every year. I have
movies and all books. I read all of them. I never bored because this
world is amazing and magnificent. Thank you Tolkien and thank you Peter
Jackson I will watch with my sons and grandsons.I watch all movies
(about 12 hours) in one shot every year. I have movies and all books. I
read all of them. I never bored because this world is amazing and
magnificent. Thank you Tolkien and thank you Peter Jackson I will watch
with my sons and grandsons.



Let me tell to whoever is viewing this review. This is a MUST see movie
series. But, The Return of the King stood out the most to me. Perfect
beginning, perfect halfway through, and perfect ending which I will not
say. This movie has been out since 2003 and if you haven't seen it by
now, it's never to late. For Frodo!



one of the greatest movie i have ever seen its squeal to LOTR two tower
the actors are amazing and also the story its amazing its contains lots
of goods scenes u have to watch lord of the rings trilogy before u die
and thank u peter Jackson for this great movie there's no good movie
like the lord of the rings basically the lord of the rings trilogy are
amazing and also i hope you like it



I've watched all the movies several times. I really like them. I'm not
going to talk about the story line much because I can't possible
explain everything without giving away spoiler. So the only things I'm
going to mention is that though the first movie started slow and second
movie was amazing with that epic battle for the keep the third movie
kept me at the edge of my seat the whole time. There was development
with Aragorn's story line and this is the thing I loved most. The
Return of the King is the jewel in the crown and the best movie in my
opinion. I would highly recommend it to every fantasy fan out there.
But if you are going to watch the movies be sure to check out The
Hobbit first since it's a prelude to The Lord of the Rings.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


before i saw ROTK in theaters, i had no idea what the big deal was. i
remembering seeing the first 2 on VHS years ealier and enjoyed them,
but never really GOT into it. however, that all changed when i went
with my mom to see ROTK in theaters one day......and i was changed. i
cried! i laughed! i felt moments of terror, i FREAKED when frodo fell
off the cliff with gollum....only he didn't fall in! it gripped me like
no other movie has since! and it instantly made me a fan. now i am a
rings maniac, all due to this film. i will admit, fellowship has since
become my favorite, but i will never forget the experience of ROTK. the
battle scenes were gorgeus and epic, and it was just so GREAT! i
waitied for an entire YEAR for the extended version on DVD with baited
breath! i read all 3 books that summer (and they were actually like the
films were! talk about faithfulness)! the ending made me and my mom cry
buckets! stunning, absolutely stunning.



                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   


I knew it would be good, but this takes the entire cake.  Peter Jackson
has
absolutely
outdone himself with this masterpiece.  True, there are a few tiny holes
in
the plot, but they
are easily overlooked.  Even if you're not a huge fan of Tolkien, you
should
really make an
attempt to see this movie.  I wasn't a fan of the books, but Jackson's
movies have inspired
me to pick them up and give them all a good read.  Can't wait for the DVD.
Let's see if
Jackson does as good a job with The Hobbit.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



Perhaps I had built this movie up too much in my mind before I saw it. 
Perhaps I'm too strict of an adherent to the book to fully appreciate this
movie.  But whatever the case, in the end, I feel like there is simply too
much content in the third book to do a good job with on the big
screen.There are some minor spoilers below, so be warned.They cover the majority of the important parts of the story.  Seeing all of
the things that were left out gave me a renewed appreciation for just how
much material there was to cover; even at 3 1/2 hours, there really isn't
much in the way of filler.  However, cutting wasn't enough.  Everything that
is left in feels very superficial to me, simply because there is no time to
go into any great detail with any one thing.This is especially true of the character development.  Theoden seems
one-dimensional, alternating between a look of stern resolve and a gentle
smile for those he likes; you never really get a true feel for his
transformation from despair to redemption for himself, and the restoration
of the honor of his people.  Denethor simply comes across as a madman; you'd
never understand the man that he is in the book from his depiction in the
movie.  Moreover, the cause for his despair is never explained in the movie,
which only serves to reinforce the skewed depiction of his character in
general.  Aragorn should be stronger and more certain of his role as king in
this movie than the previous two.  And yet he seems weaker in this one than
the others.  This is exemplified in the handling of the Paths of the Dead,
where he makes one of his uninspiring speeches to implore the dead to follow
him into battle, rather than demanding it as their king, to fulfill their
oaths.The flow of the story also suffers, seemingly due to time constraints. 
First of all, the part with the palantir should have been left out entirely.
 It has little to no relevance in the context in which they introduce it,
and serves only to make you wonder what the hell that was all about when
it's never mentioned again.  Seriously, does anyone who hasn't read the
books have any idea what that's supposed to be about?  I sincerely doubt it.
 Another thing is that all of the segues between scenes seem thrown
together.  To look at it, you would think that all that's necessary to go
into battle in a neighboring land is to point your sword in the general
direction and yell "charge!"  First the Rohirrim ride here.  Then there. 
Then Aragorn decides he has to leave, and just bolts.  And Theoden, when
questioned, says, "He has to go."  And just like that, they ride off
again.And the battles?  Well, they're epic, and the special effects are nice.  But
from a practical standpoint, the battles were pretty lame.  There was
nothing in the way of real strategic battle planning in the making of this
movie, especially for one of the magnitude of that fought at Minas Tirith,
where you have multiple armies coming together to fight each other.  I find
the battles to be rather incoherent and uninspiring.  In addition, the
oliphaunts inspire more terror than the winged nazgul?  That's basically the
way the movie lays it out.Finally, things start to spiral way too quickly after the battle at Minas
Tirith.  The final battle is, what, five minutes later?  Also, with Sam and
Frodo, you see them coming down from the gate one minute, and the next
minute they're at Mount Doom.  It's hard to understand their complete
exhaustion and inability to go on when it looks like their trip through
Mordor happened in the five minutes between the two battles.  Of course,
there's a lot of material not covered in the movie in that time, but then
that's my whole point.I applaud the efforts made in the making of this movie, and the trilogy in
general.  It was no small undertaking, and I respect the attempt that was
made (in contrast to the contempt and disgust I hold for the Ralph Bakshi
version).  But now that I've seen them all, I can't help but think this
series would have been better served as a multi-part television series of
some sort, where you could take more time to get to know the characters, to
understand the history, and get a full idea of the magnitude of the events
taking place.  I think that, even with 3+ hour-long movies, there just isn't
enough time to get it right.  6 out of 10 stars from me.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



Warning contains spoiler.Five years of anticipation and delight are finally over, from the first
hints of a cinematic version of the Lord of The Rings to the release of
the
Return of The King and I have been enthralled by it all.However, I was amazed that there was no hint of the Houses of the Healing
episode or Faramir's romance with Eowyn. Having taken such care to develop
her character (brought to life so wonderfully by Miranda Otto)in TTT and
RoTK it seemed criminal to leave her on the battlefield - except for a
brief
glimpse at the end, all smiles next to Faramir as the man she adored
kisses
another woman! My husband (who has not read the books) left the cinema
proclaiming "I don't know what she was laughing about, I thought she was
suicidal" leaving me to fill in the missing pieces.One or two minutes less of Frodo's doleful expression might have allowed
for
a brief glimpse of the two of them together whilst Aragorn et al marched
on
the Black Gate or even a shortening of the return to the Shire and journey
to the Grey Havens - for heaven's sake get on that boat! I can only hope
the
missing parts are in the extended dvd. 




The ring is destroyed!  Middle Earth is saved!  Hobbits and Elves
rejoice!Peter Jackson's masterful odyssey that began 11 years ago is complete
with
the release of the third installment of the Lord of the Rings, Return of
the
King (ROTK).Peter Jackson's love affair with the J.R.R. Tolkien story is complete
with
the third film installment, Lord of the Rings: Return of the King (ROTK).
Audiences have waited through three years of release dates, countless DVD
editions and marketing tie-ins to view what is essentially one long 11+
hour
movie.  And at the end of it all, I too found myself rejoicing -
rejoicing
that the third movie finally ended!Lord of the Rings: ROTK is both good and bad with the good being
exceptional, but the bad, being prominent enough not to be overlooked.
First the good.  Ian McKellan as the wise wizard Gandalf is the best he
has
been in ROTK.  Gandalf transformed from being a new generation's Obi Wan
Kenobi - as all wise and more powerful after death -  to being a
vulnerable
participant in a future unknown.  A scene shared with Viggo Mortensen's
Aragon shows Gandalf to be scared for Frodo (Elijah Wood) and Aragon must
reassure him to follow his heart.  This is Ian McKellan at his best and
if
he was good enough to garnish an Oscar nomination for the first Lord of
the
Rings, then he should be assured one with ROTK.Also showing more acting range that was expected of him is Sean Astin in
the
role as Sam, the Hobbit that accompanies Frodo on his journey to Mount
Doom.
Sean shows courage, heart and conflict and we believe in the conviction
that the young actor put into his role.Also on the plus side are the fight scenes in ROTK.  The great battles in
the Pelennor Fields, Minas Tirith and the Black Gates are speckled with
special effects mastery never before seen on the big screen.  Kudos also
to
Mr. Jackson for the amount of humor that was absent from the previous two
installments.  Seeing Gandalf react to an overeager Pippin (played by
Billy
Boyd) put the audience into an outburst of laughter - a response not yet
heard in the first 9 hours of storytelling.And finally, and most importantly, the story receives note for being the
strongest of the three.  With many balls in the air to juggle, Peter
Jackson
weaves the story through Frodo's trek to Mount Doom with the
ever-schizophrenic Gollum, Aragon's journey to regain the throne and
Rohan's
King Theoden search for an army to wrestle the evil Orcs just to name a
few.
All stories are equally interesting and Jackson is able to stay true to
the
novel in bringing the story to the masses.But not all is good with ROTK.  The special effects in the final film are
average, that being, not on scale with what was presented in 2001 and
2002.
Some effects actually look terrible.  The scene where Legolas (Orlando
Bloom) is able to get atop a giant elephant looked cheap and unrealistic,
and his subsequent dismount which was suppose to appeal to the
skateboarders
in the audience looked like the promo for some average Sony Playstation
game.  And Aragon's confrontation with the ghosts of a disgraced army
looked
like it was cut and paste from Jackson's previous film, The Frighteners.Also notable was the amount of blue screen images used in the finale.
Aragon in front of the army at the Black Gates or Frodo's gaze into the
fires of Mount Doom looked terrible when compared to some of the film's
other effect achievements.Then there is the ending.  All of them!  In a DVD world where extended
versions are widely accepted as superior to the original cut, I would
have
enjoyed ROTK more had the last 30 minutes be struck from the record.
After
sitting through 3 hours, I had run out of popcorn and was restlessly
waiting
to use the restroom, but Peter Jackson marched each of his characters out
for a curtain call of hugging, bowing, kissing and crying that I thought
was
completely unnecessary (Do we really need to see Sam get
married?).However, for all its faults, ROTK is intended as one long film adventure
and
at that, it is exceptional.  Peter Jackson had an incredible undertaking
in
front of him, and unlike the Star Wars or Matrix franchises, The Lord of
the
Rings was able to maintain a constant tone and feel through its multiple
components.  For that alone, I take my hat off and salute
you.So it is finally time to take a breath.  Or is it? Next year there will
be
the DVD release of Return of the King followed by the theatrical extended
version, then the DVD extended version, then the DVD box set, then the
DVD
box set with all the extended features.  Maybe if we are lucky, someone
will
rifle through the old house of J.R.R. Tolkien and find the unpublished
works
of Sam the Hobbit:Journey to Neverland Ranch.




The final installment of Peter Jackson's incredible trilogy showcases
the brilliance of himself and his crew. Every aspect of the film
brushes close to perfection, from the incredible performances of the
cast to all the work done behind the scenes and in the studio. This
grand conclusion of the tale of the One Ring highlights the talent and
hard work of everyone involved in the production. Middle-earth truly
comes to life through this masterful film, ushering in a new and
greater respect for fantasy films. The magnificence of Tolkien's
writings are wonderfully translated to the screen through the minds of
Peter Jackson, Philippa Boyens, and Fran Walsh. Middle- earth's beauty
is caught by the brilliant eyes of legendary cinematographer Andrew
Lesnie. A story told so beautifully, "The Lord of the Rings: The Return
of the King" will likely be forever known as one of the greatest films
of all time.



Just like the book it was based on, the third Lord of the Rings movie
towers above its siblings and brings the series to a cataclysmic
conclusion, in every sense of the word. From its gigantic battle
sequences, to its heartbreaking personal moments, Return of the King
redefines what is possible in cinema and sets the impossible bar every
other masterpiece must be measured against from now on. Clocking in at
almost 3 and a half hours in its theatrical cut, it covers most of the
material in the book and wins every point for its immensely satisfying
coda. Howard Shore gets another two Oscars and Jackson and co are
finally paid their dues. I have never been happier on an Oscar night.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


If you want a movie which you can watch many time this movie defiantly
for you.watched this movie plenty of time and never get bored. watched this
movie in 2008 First time and get felt on it. my friend not like to
watch Hollywood movies but my choice are different from them. often
like watching movie. movie have nice story + every character has their
own important.should also watch 300 movie I'm not big big fan of science fiction
movies so not much like. friend this was my if you want to watch this
movie you will never be disappoint so you should defiantly go for watch
this movie this is my personal though.


*** This review may contain spoilers ***


This movie and the whole trilogy deserves all the praise it has
received.I had been worried about seeing it because of how much Peter Jackson
re-wrote "Two Towers" and presented scenes that undermined some of
Tolkien's fundamental ideas. This time, Jackson followed Tolkien more
closely and the worst that can be claimed are sins of omission. It's a
real shame we didn't get to see Christopher Lee in this move; he
totally rocked in the previous films. Telling us to wait for the
"extended" version isn't right. Maybe Jackson should have foregone one
of the too many endings in ROTK to give Lee some film time. That said,
all the elements that worked in the previous movies were absolutely
glorious in this film. The one new thing that I would add to so much
that has already been written is that big kudos must go to the great
Tolkien artists Alan Lee and John Howe whose artistry shaped so much of
the imagery from the first moments of FOTR to the final scenes of ROTK.
This historic trilogy would not have been the same without them. The
LOTR enterprise has clearly been a great labor of love from all who
worked on it over the years, and this final installment was a crowning
achievement.



Where to start with this masterpiece? Quite simply one of the greatest
movies ever made. A fitting end to a stunning trilogy. The acting as it
has been is brilliant again. Special mention must go to Sean Austin,
for his performance as Sam. In this one he gets his big moment in the
trilogy, and he nails it perfectly. His scenes with Elijah Wood (Frodo)
on Mount Doom, as Frodo weakens are full of emotion and very powerful.
As for the rest of the movie? It has one of the greatest scenes EVER in
a movie : the riders of Rohan charging into battle outside Minas
Tirith. You simply cannot tell where the real riders end, and the CGI
begins. The battles again are well done, and not simply a repeat of the
siege at Helms Deep in The Two Towers.As I said, the acting is again first rate from the entire cast. And it
was nice to see Andy Serkis getting his face on screen as Smeagol,
before his transformation into Gollum.By the end of the movie, there were more than a few tears as the boat
left the Grey Havens, as the movie ended on a quiet emotional note,
after the epic battles before.I could happily have sat through this again and again. Well done to
everyone, both in front and behind the cameras for such a brilliant
work, but of course special mention has to go to Peter Jackson. He
deserves every award he's received for this.One last point. If you only seen the theatrical release, then go get
the extended version of this film. It's even better!!


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



**Warning! Mild Spoilers Ahead!!**Sequels are inherently difficult to make and review review, because on top
of the usual expectations for a film, everyone has to deal with
expectations
created by the previous films. Return of the King faced expectations equal
to those of any other film, and like the protagonists at Helm's Deep,
fended
them off and crushed them.ROTK begins where "The Two Towers" concluded. As Gandalf said at the end
of
TTT, "The battle for Helm's Deep is over; the battle for Middle Earth has
begun." Frodo & Sam are still moving toward Mordor; Merry & Pippin are
hanging out w/ the Ents at Isengard; and the rest of the fellowship has
defeated the Uruk-hai at Helm's Deep. With Saruman defeated, the focus now
shifts east, where man must make a final stand against Sauron, while Frodo
&
Sam attempt to destroy the One Ring.As opposed to the breakneck opening scenes of TTT, ROTK starts slowly, but
the early character development in lieu of action sequences is equally
enjoyable and enlightening. Thank goodness for the deliberate beginning
though, because if the intensity of the latter two-thirds of the film
lasted
for the full running time, paramedics would have been required on site to
assist with heart failures and burst blood vessels, inevitable side
effects
of the remarkable tension that director Peter Jackson creates.Speaking of Jackson, let's hear it for him and his crew (pause for
standing
ovation).That crew has once again created a mythical world without a trace of
fictitiousness. Through the jaw-dropping visualization of massive battles,
fortresses, monsters, and more, the cinematography and effects uphold and
improve the standard set by the predecessors. Gollum now has more to work
with as an "actor", and the digital whiz kids step up to the challenge,
blending him into the shots perfectly, particularly in a brilliant
reflection scene. More sweeping battle scenes and more gorgeous landscapes
are among the stellar shots lensed by Andrew Lesnie. The first shot of
Minas
Tirith stands to be my movie moment of the year; it will absolutely take
your breath away. But the beauty lies in the fact that you scarcely know
the
difference between beautiful reality and equally natural effects. Outside
of
a couple apparent blue-screen shots, I never once doubted the veracity of
the world of Middle Earth. Considering the enormity of that task, those at
WETA Workshop who dazzled us with their talent deserve every award they
get
over the next couple months.On the musical front, Howard Shore is back as composer, and his work
shines
as never before. He provides grand and booming orchestral sounds when
battles require them, yet still manages to evoke emotion without lapsing
into melodrama during poignant scenes. Mixing and tweaking familiar themes
with new melodies, Shore literally hits all the right notes. For the
audience, picking out recognizable themes, such that of Rohan or the
Fellowship, and hearing how Shore has kicked them into a minor key or
altered those last two notes is a thrill. His score is a joy to listen to,
both as it seamlessly meshes with the film and on its own. Perhaps there
can
be no higher compliment.Also of note is the use of vocal music voiced by the actors themselves, a
technique that is new to the theatrical releases of LOTR. Of the two
songs,
I must mention the first one, which is utilized to stunning maximum
effect.
In a remarkable scene reminiscent of The Godfather, the song is sung over
a
scene that cuts between a character who made a decision and the grim
consequences of that choice. The music, pictures, and variations in film
speed combine for one of the best scenes of the year.None of the acting work stood out to me, and by that I mean no individual
was head-and-shoulders above the rest. I could still make a legitimate
Oscar
case for at least four cast members (Astin, McKellen, Mortensen, Wood),
which is a tribute to the overall strength of the ensemble cast. Everyone
fits into and builds upon their roles so very well, and the camaraderie
that
I've seen glimpses of behind the scenes carries over wonderfully.The acting serves as a means rather than an end. A la "Band of Brothers",
the combined ten hours of film allow time for the characters to be
developed
and known, an advantage fully used in ROTK, which has more fulfilling
scenes
packed with emotion where we see decisions being made. Those scenes are
what
elevate this film to another level. On top of the nonpareil action
sequences
that shame other "epics", it has a human soul, one that comes to the fore
in
final act, when the friendships that have been established take center
stage. To me, friendship is the core theme of LOTR, and thanks to the
fabulous acting of all participants, that theme is displayed in all its
glory in ROTK.WARNING! THE NEXT PARAGRAPH DISCUSSES THE CLOSING SCENES!!In an unusual but welcome departure from the cinematic norm, the
denouement
of ROTK lasts a good twenty minutes after the climax. Too many movies,
like
"Matrix Revolutions", wrap too quickly, leaving fates either unresolved or
resolved, but sloppily and unsatisfactorily. Others, such as "Pirates of
the
Caribbean", do have an extended ending but don't require one and thus fill
it with fluff. Here we find a perfect mean. Considering that Jackson and
company have over ten hours of film and numerous character arcs to wrap
up,
twenty minutes is probably the minimum required to let the audience absorb
all that has happened. After three or four possible end points, each of
which concludes various stories, Sam returns to the Shire and enters his
home, closing the door on both the camera and the trilogy. While the
finish
may seem odd, I consider it perfect. Sam has just come to the end of a
fantastic adventure, a journey mirrored by that of the audience. The
ending
leaves each party back where they began, in a satisfying yet admittedly
bittersweet manner. Like it or not, "I'm back."END OF MAJOR SPOILERS.Is this film perfect? Probably not. Sure, certain characters like Denehor
could have been developed more. But while that knowledge would have been
helpful, the time it would have taken to expound on those people likely
would not have been worth the knowledge gained. There are a handful of
other
cardinal sins, such as scarcely showing the ultimate villain and Arwen's
near random appearances. But most of those trace back to the original
books,
not to errors by Peter Jackson. The fact that the entire series works so
well without fully disclosing many details speaks to the phenomenal power
of
Tolkien's books and superb work in Jackson's films. The bottom line is
that
nobody cares about the flaws because they're entranced by the literary and
cinematic magic on display.Bottom Line: ROTK, the greatest final film in a trilogy of all time (go
ahead...name a better one) culminates the best overall film trilogy ever,
ten hours of film that transcend the medium. As I told my brother as we
reluctantly but contentedly departed the theater, we will never experience
anything like this again.  EVER.  10/10.



Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        
                Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes
            
                Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos
            
                News &
                Community
            
            Watchlist


                
                    
                
            
            Find industry contacts & talent representation
                        Manage your photos, credits, & more
                        Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
                        
            
				
                Sign in with Facebook
                           
            
                Other Sign in options
            
        
    Own the rights?
        
         
       
   
      
                 
     
                 
      
        
         
   

I think this movie is the best!!!! It had the best special effects I've
ever seen, also the best actors who played their role really well. It
also had a great background music which I totally loved. This movie
really deserved all the Oscars they have won :) All the scenes in the
movie made a great representation of Tolkien's stories. I definitely
was captured all the landscapes in the movie, New Zealand rules! If
people haven't seen it, they should because its really entertaining. By
now, I've seen it like 20 times or so. The dialogue in the movie are
really complex, which made me think a little, at least for me, its
good. Everyone must at least see one of the 3 because they all are
great.



The Fellowship makes its final path through war and wilderness. The
story comes to an 11 academy award winning climax. The movie has a
stunning power unlike the other two. Peter Jackson uses incredible
insight into sstories and themes and character study. The Return of the
King culminates its three story lines unimaginably. As the characters
finish what is a three year journey you see exactly why Peter Jackson
made the fellowship and the two towers because he wanted to arrive at
this incredible finale to what is a career trilogy. I enjoyed this film
for two main reasons action and intimacy. The action is stunningly
realized by weta workshop. But even though the action is great at the
center of it is what is a wonderfully intimate story. As Frodo and Sam
make their way to Mount Doom we really get to see them both rise to the
occasion. We see the real power of friendship as Gollum continues to
try to break it. When Aragorn and Gandalf arrive at over 600.000 orcs
and yet they stand as strong as they were at Helm's Deep. I become more
amazed as the tale goes on we see how difficult and at what price will
either side win. The feelings of community within us. This is a classic
and whoever watches will not be disappointed. 10/10


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



(huge whopping spoilers like you wouldn't believe)It's not really a movie at all - what it is, is an experience perhaps only
religious conversion can touch.  This movie, as a whole, has changed my
life.  I make movies because of this movie.  I owe more to it than the
filmmakers can ever know.It starts off wonderfully unexpectedly, with a shot of a worm between two
fingers.  The focus pulls back and we see a hobbit - or something like a
hobbit.  We find out its Smeagol in a bit, and then, a bit farther on, we
find out what Smeagol did to ever have his Precious in the first place.
Then it moves on - to Frodo and Sam, to Pip and Merry and Aragron and
Gandalf and all the rest.  I won't bore you with a whole retelling, since
no
doubt if you're reading this you're probably as obsessed as I am.  I'll
just
mention a few things-Merry and Pip greeting the riders at Isengard.  There's nothing funnier
than
stoned hobbits, man.Minas Tirith.  Enough said.The stairs at Cirith Ungol, and the spire of light that went up into the
sky.  Most people don't mention this in their reviews, but I felt terror,
sheer and true.  I can't remember the last time I've felt that, and I
watch
countless amounts of horror flicks.Gandalf explaining death to Pippin.  So soft and beautiful and true.  It
feels so true, somehow.Sam carrying Frodo on his back.  You'll see that one parodied in a few
years, trust me.  It's just too strong and lovely and heartbreaking and
man
if I'm not using the same words as everyone else uses.Everything in Mount Doom, all of it.  It worked out better than I had
hoped
for.Frodo and Sam lying on that rock, the lava streaming around them, waiting
to
die.  Frodo remembering the Shire, seeing it.  Sam remembering Rosie
dancing.  I've seen it four times now, and I can never get through that
bit
without sobbing like a child.  Sam gave everything for his master, and
only
in the end, in that last moment before death, did he even truly think of
himself.Frodo's face as the eagle picks up up.  Oh my God I can't describe how
beautiful it was.  My first thought when I saw that was: "He think's he's
dead.  You only have that sort of release with death."Frodo getting on the ship at the harbor, the slow way he walked and then
the
strange making slow creeping flush in his eyes and his face.  He was back,
and he was our Frodo again.And the line, "You cannot always be torn in two," Frodo's voice-over
message
to Sam.  Ah, I love it so much.  Man.There's more, thousands of words worth more: Pip's song, Denethor's
funeral
pyre, the mumakil charge, the charge of the Rohirrim.  More strikes me
each
time I watch: this last time, it was the way Aragorn and Arwen's son
looked,
and the strange colors in his eyes.I staggered out of the theater all four times with a washed-clean
feeling -
like I'd run a thousand miles and washed in a thousand oceans.  I've never
cried so much in a movie before.  I've never come out of a theater feeling
reborn before.  Only these movies, only these, forever - I can only hope
to
someday have half the effect these movies have had.  They aren't really
movies at all - they are religious experiences.




The Final Chapter of this great trilogy will just rip your heart out of
your
ribs! I don't know how Peter Jackson did it,and perhaps sucha masterpiece
such as this has the right not to be questioned. I loved the first movie,
its steady pace of adventure is non-stop, the characters are loveable, the
costume is nice, the settings are stupendous and the Visual effects is
Jaw-Dropping. And I loved the second even better with the Battle of Helm's
Deep finally winning over my breaking heart with the Two LOTR Movies
already
gnawing at the bottom, I had to say a final farewell to Star Wars 4 & 5
and
welcome The LLord of the Rings. And with this, my heart is fainally
complete. The MArmaluks are unstoppable and Visually Great!!! No words
could
describe the intensity of their presence alone. And the Battle of Pelanor
Fields will get you to want to wish you were there yourself, and not as an
orc (Though Trolls are Cool! Though pales in comparisson with the Mass of
Undead and, of course, the Oliphaunts.) Gollum is once again as great as
ever and The rest of the cast are comendable, with great praises going to
be
due to Gandalf and most especially Sam! The emotional intensity of the
film
is a full ten! And after you cry from the movie's story, you'll cry about
why oh why wasn't it any longer!!! And indeed, we must now bid a final
farewell to our dearest, The Lord of The Rings Trilogy, the only Trilogy
to
have a complete set of Movies with no equals but each other. Good
bye........ sorry, I just don't wanna leave it alone....


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



***Spoilers herein***That's right, this film could have ended eight separate times, but it
chose
to keep going.  It's one of those movies where you think it's going to
end,
but then suddenly there's another scene.  I would rather have had fewer
and
shorter Hobbit close-ups and Family Ties-style hugging, and more Saruman
and
Treebeard.  The film skips Saruman's downfall, and he's relegated to a
single sentence by Gandalf.  After all the crap that Saruman pulled, I
really wanted to see how broken he was after Isengard's destruction by the
Ents.  Speaking of Ents, Treebeard is in the film for about a minute.  It
would have been nice to see he and Gandalf gloating over Saruman's
downfall.
I guess there was only so much they could fit into three
hours.The three films are a tremendous effort.  There are breathtaking vistas,
panoramas, and sweeping pans whisking you up and down Minas Tirith and
Mordor, and the battle scenes are nothing short of remarkable.  In one
scene, Legolas swings up the side of an oliphant and quickly kills
everyone
riding it, then fells the huge beast with a single arrow, all while the
view
is rapidly rotating around and around the maddened oliphant.  It is a
stunning special effect.One problem I had with these films is the realism.  In both Minas Tirith
and
Rohan, there are absolutely no farms, livestock, fields, wagons, crops,
markets, trees, or any of the other things that a city requires in order
to
provide for its people.  Watch the movie carefully.  See a crop of corn
anywhere, or even one single sheep?  Where did they get the material for
those clothes?There are two scenes with Shelob that are breathtaking in their simple
horror:  there is a full view of Shelob, launching herself onto the little
Hobbit with the tenacity of a rabid dog.  In the theater, everyone gasped
at
that scene, because it drove home the size of Shelob against the size of
Sam.  The second one is where Frodo is by himself, on the path, and Shelob
looms soundlessly over him.  It is creepy to watch.I'm disappointed by the truncated friendly rivalry between Legolas and
Gimli.  In the book there was a rich humor in their odd-couple friendship,
but it isn't really explored in the films.  Then again, there are so many
characters that the film couldn't possibly explore them all.  Eowyn's
story
seems particularly abrupt; the tender moment with her dying father is
pretty
much the last we see of her.  I don't remember seeing her at the wedding.
The moment she slays the Nazgul reminded me of St. George and the dragon.
Also, Faramir's story ends abruptly too.  And what about the white tree
and
the restorative quality of kingsfoil?  It was those missing details that
could have added more humanity to the film.There could not have been a better Gandalf than Ian McKellen.  He has just
the right kind of wise, sprightly, smart-ass attitude that the character
has
in the book.  He's fantastic during battle scenes, whirling around,
running
back and forth, telling people not to give up, conking mad steward
Denethor
on the head with his staff.  I understand that Peter Jackson wants to make
the Hobbit as well, and if so, it will be nice to see Ian McKellen
introducing the dwarves one-by-one to Bilbo Baggins at Bag
End.Frodo and Sam's trek through Mordor moves too quickly.  One moment they
are
in the orc's tower, and the next they are at Mount Doom.  How did they get
there so fast?  Gollum's descent into the volcano was perfect.  In a final
demonstration of just how precious the ring really was to him, he keeps it
out of the flame until the last possible moment as he slowly sinks into
the
lava, deliriously happy at having the ring again as he ignores the lava
that
eats him alive.This film isn't perfect, but it's so faithful to the book and so carefully
crafted that it's easy to overlook the faults and enjoy the breathtaking
scenery.





A brilliant and stunning movie with special affect used to the
maximum.Funny
how Frodo is the main character burdened with ring,but Sam turns out to be
real hero.I thought the Gollam character brilliant.The way his personality
changes.One second sinister and the next all loveable,allbeit
ugly.Generally
all the characters acting was very good and believable.The battle scenes
were slightly prolonged but all in all a excellent movie.




Usually I don't want to see a movie more than once in a theater let alone
a
movie this long.  But I just want to see it again, as well I can't wait
for
the extended version to come out on DVD.  However i know that it will be
a
while with how good and popular it is. 




The anticipation leading up to this culminating epic only made it that
much
more spectacular when this movie delivered on it's amazing hype. This is
undoubtedly one of the most powerful and well-directed epics I have ever
seen. I was amazed with the cinematography and the brave journey into the
psyche of Gollum/Smeagol. Mortensen was a lot better in this movie than
the
other two, and the same can be said about Elijah Wood and Sean Astin. The
development of their relationship is particularly moving. The only
complaint
I have about the movie is the drawn out ending. I'm not familiar with the
books so I'm not exactly sure if this was necessary. Oscar gold should
finally come to Lord of the Rings in the major categories (Director &
Picture) & it should reprise it Cinematography win from 2002. This is an
absolute must see.-James




The third installment of Tolkein's masterful trilogy explodes to life on
screen in ROTK.  From the intro flashback scene to our final farewells I
was
literally on the edge of my seat.  This film is like a rollercoaster ride
at
mach 1.  My only small complaint is that I could have gone for an extra 10
or 15 minutes worth of Legolas and Gimli, they felt slightly underused.
All
in all one of my favorite movies of all time!!!


*** This review may contain spoilers ***



The Lord of the Rings trilogy will certainly go down as a masterpiece
overall.  The third installment picks up where the second left off.  There
are battle scenes colossal enough to make it a classic.Spoilers: Both for the review and the film.What I didn't like was the lack of suspense.  It seemed certain throughout
the whole movie that Frodo would complete his mission.  Not a single
headliner dies.  Frodo loses a finger in a scene and then later we see his
hand undamaged.  Even worse is the slow motion homoerotic scenes with Frodo and his Hobbit
buddies lolloping in bed together with Gandalf and the other humans looking
on gleefully.  I almost thought it was some kind of a joke it was so
gaudy.While these flaws dilapidate the movie I can't say they totally ruin it.  If
I ever see it again I won't stick around for the last drippy
moments.


Add another review
  
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!

        